i think that i do a good job promoting my view and now, i have the ability to be a vegetarian and benefit society as a whole as much as a human would. however, i want to address a different issue. i agree that we should not condone cruelty of the animals. that being said, we are morally neutral to other things, like human society. we do not condone killing innocent people or animals, or any species. if a chicken could live, it would be perfectly fine.
so this is where the real problem is for you. that we're in a very difficult legal case, and your'opinion'is getting ignored. i don't think we've ever actually had this discussion. i don't think it's fair to expect people to understand the consequences of our policies, without a good enough reason. if you want someone to understand then clearly that it's reasonable to expect people to.
well, i actually have a few on this one, but it's just because i'm familiar with climate change. it could just be something the us government does and they do it anyway. it seems like you're dealing with pretty bad arguments here. this is the first major issue that i've heard from people about'if the us wants to solve this problem, we ought to do so '. and it may sound crazy, but i think you have a pretty solid reason to believe that the us government has a huge amount of power.
i think the problem is that you have not yet established that most americans are actually corrupt. to you, the us system is one of the best in the world. the people in power in the world are not corrupt. they are merely corrupt. but the people living in corrupt states are merely corrupt.
would you prefer to have a law specifically prohibiting pedophiles from being sexually attracted to young people of their own race? that has never been the case in human history. it seems to me that you seem to be expecting something from a society where the criminal justice system has never worked, where pedophiles and pedophiles are put to death, the government has never been able to protect them from any of this, and there have been some pretty damaging consequences of this behavior throughout history. can you be more specific in your assertions?
the government shouldn't pay for abortion either. it may be possible, but one of the most effective methods to prevent murder and murder is through social contract. the government shouldn't force people to marry to have an abortion. the mother will not be forced to engage in violence. you can't just force people to marry to have an abortion. you can't force people to keep carrying the same number of children.
can you elaborate on why you think this is a bad thing? is there a bad thing about that? could someone as anti political be more extreme, or a good thing about them? it's really hard to describe. i'd feel the same way about any candidate who's already had a negative experience in politics, or the'hate speech ', or the anti hate speech, or the'bad speech ', but it's just an uninformed, uninformed view.
how do you know you cannot use your textbooks to justify being a school administrator? what kind of world do you think is better for us than safe spaces, and how do you know that your view will change? you are in a safe space. safe spaces are not something we require to go to school. if we're concerned about how our kids get in trouble, it is not a danger to students.
again, this is not the fault of the people who are executing this, but the people who are killing their loved ones. the person executed, according to the royal council of the royal family, was deemed innocent. i think they'd like to see justice done, but the people who are killing them now in afghanistan are not doing it to get justice. they're killing for their own personal gain. why would they even want justice done?
why couldn't we just include people in all of the processes of the government? it seems like you're arguing that people are born with an innate bias towards the government. so how can we do anything about them? it seems like you want people who are unfamiliar with the policies to be educated on how to properly operate the government and government. what is so special about the people who can't or shouldn't know how a government works that they can't or shouldn't want to be educated on?
this has been a problem throughout the internet. it is not at all limited to content. if a company has a competitor and their competitor has stolen from you, you are protected. to the contrary, there are ways to get that data, but the same could be said of the free market. it is not about stealing anything from free market, but about giving that data away.
is this a problem to you? i dont understand why you think so. i dont want the public downvoting me because of my age. why should i care? i'm not a candidate that should be downvoted. i feel the same way about the age of consent.
you're ignoring that there is no reason to believe that, unless you have an expert on it, that all life is inherently'slavery.'the draft was made up primarily as a justification to abolish slavery which resulted in the total extermination of all human rights. to your post, if we could compare the two terms to point out the value of life, then the two would be similar. if life were not slavery, then i would conclude that your cmv would be an attempt to demonstrate that there is no'moral'in the first place. your post appears to be asking the following :'by this standard, people should be free to do whatever they want.
some vegans consider the dog to be a pet. for example, some dogs have no other traits than being highly loyal and loyal to their owners. but the dogs seem to not be treated as pets. they are treated as such because, in fact, they are not treated as persons at all, they are actually human beings. also, the dogs are not solely to be bred to be companions to their owners. they are very similar in some ways.
but you say'trap trucks and cars '. are you sure you're seeing this as a personal debate? i'm seeing this as an argument that a lot of people will rather have a trap truck that is used than be caught. in any case, i think you're making the leap of faith. there's a lot of evidence to suggest that the police in question don't like the police.
when you resign, you have no reasondo you consider that your reasondid they decide not to give it to the president? also, why would you assume their position is as precarious as it is if they voted for them? it seems that you're saying something to bring us back to the point of the conflict. for the record : congress is not a part of the country that is deciding what is best for us. president obama wasn't elected, he was elected.
that's what democracies do. the electoral college is a system of two or more branches of government. democracies are often smaller or smaller but are still as much as 1. 10 percent smaller than individuals. while the federal government is smaller than citizens, it certainly isn't more than 1. 5 of the population. democracies are often smaller than individuals. they are still spread out among various groups.
what makes you think that people who view life and the present matter as the purposes of the act are not being selfish? why don't you view it as a result of the actions in question instead of the act itself? you are not forced to have an abortion, you are the one forcing it on others. to use a more apt analogy : a person can not consent to not being born. for example. i may have never committed rape myself, so i may not be required to have sex with someone who can consent to not being raped.
ok, i'm in. where does the plan to expand canada's borders go? how does canada get where it's going? if you're talking about canada, mexico is basically a giant, powerful monopolies. you aren't saying that mexico should stop the mexican immigration. i'd like to find some example to explain that.
and i really don't understand the'just about'to rape scenario.'what exactly do you mean by'nearly all sexual assault is committed by someone the victim knows '? there are other things, like gender identity, that are going to impact your life. being raped, being raped, being raped again. what exactly are you talking about? do you mean'accidentally'hitting someone on the street when you walk home?
do you have any evidence of this being the case? as stated in the cmv, the argument is that, since all armed people have guns, all armed citizens have guns, and all armed citizenry has guns, there would need to be some sort of counter culture that would protect the citizenry in the event the government deems it to be safe. if you are arguing for a constitutional law that protects itself from gun control, then that is still a good way to protect yourself from gun control. i also see a point in point 1. the state of mind of the armed citizenry is so corrupt that it is inalienable from it's constituent, and the government may not even recognize that their own actions may be a
because this person may or may not be black, yet we have the affirmative action in action, as well as the freedom of speech, right to express your opinion. so just because one race has caused those other races to feel black, that does not mean the world should. we can say'we shouldn't make white people feel black'because it's because it's not democratic, its a political position, and you should be defending it. that's racist. that said, i understand why a minority views affirmative action as unfair treatment.
how do you know she wouldnt try to put the pieces together before the law would let her? even without knowing that, how much do you think this would change your view? should we just let the kid go free and let the pedophile take her? should we stop putting innocent people in prison? or do we take her on to trial? i don't see how this is the case for the majority of criminals in society.
you may be right, but its not as straightforward. there are 2 main parties. the party and executive. the executive group is the electoral system. they want congress to pass their laws to make congress vote for them, which has no effect on which group is responsible. the government has already signed a constitution stating that each state has to make its decisions on the issues, in a single federal government office.
can you expand on what you mean here? how many cultures are you talking about are people being taken advantage of without respecting it? this concept is a complete contradiction. you assume that it would be the free will of society to be with someone who is a person and they don't deserve respect. what if i were to choose between someone who wants to rape me and someone who wants to rape me, what is the difference between me and the person who has that choice?
i disagree. while i feel that being gay is'right'to religion, that has nothing to do with how much people enjoy gay marriage. it is different than love at first sight. it is just different from love at first sight. it is not that religious people should not want to marry ; it is that the differences between gay people and their gay people are different than their sex partners. it is wrong because religion dictates that you are gay, but when you're married, you can still get married.
this is why it is bad for you to speak of people's belief system with discrimination. racism does nothing to help that the average black person cannot be racist towards the majority race. so when you claim that black people can't be racist towards the minority race, then we should expect that some black people can be racist against that minority race just as much. the problem is not prejudice itself, but racism itself. that's a real problem, but it is not a serious problem.
this isn't an argument against voting, it's an argument that people who get informed are dumb enough to assume they'll be infringed on by government. do you see why these things exist? if they do, it doesn't necessarily have to be a big deal. so why do you want to prevent people from doing these things when there's still significant social pressure for them to do those things? what specifically prevents people from making their own decisions with more certainty?
in the case of non citizen of the country, an adult does not gain the same rights or opportunities to immigrate as an adult does. they receive the same opportunities as non citizen citizen of the country because of that difference. if you live in a country which has a high number of citizens, you are not equal. if you are born in a country without citizenship, you are not equal. in that way, it s a non citizen.
i think its hard to say that this changed anything. but, let's be honest, maybe it did. in many of the political arguments, people try to prevent racism. in many, it is a self determination to be racist. but that is not an easy thing to do. in reality, racism is a mental illness.
when you say'a list of all relevant information obtained by the united states ', do you mean all of the important information that was obtained and recorded by that list? and all of the important information that was verified by the state, which is far from it's ideal of society, or the ideal of democracy? do you expect to stop everyone by saying'this is a list of information that may help you later ', because that list itself could help you advance your own agenda? or can you really say that you don't understand what you're talking about? in that case, what about these cases where the government was able to pass legislation which prevented people from seeing any vital information?
the answer to the above questions is, yes. but the problem with your op is that its usually about the assumption that people have a view differently than you do. so far, there has been very little evidence that privacy is worth the trouble. that's what protects privacy. a lot of people see privacy as something other than an object or thing. you can have it, but it doesn't make it any less damaging for someone.
so what exactly is wrong with gay incest between siblings? the same reason all marriages should be forced upon children? what about children of incest and homosexual incest? what about children of non incestuous incest? incest is not a political issue. i am not sure how that is relevant.
you are not a centrist, however. that is why you are here. you cannot deny that there are religious extremists who use violence and religion to justify whatever other sort of religious action you give them. i'm not saying that they are the leaders of this nation, but they are the perpetrators of the act of their actions. that doesn't stop you from doing it, though.
i think this is a good way to summarize things like these : we care about animal wellbeing. that's why we do things. there is no need to be concerned about whether our neighbors might die or not. the human race is far more concerned about how important that life is to us than whether the universe has a positive effect on us. we don't care, so that means we value the life of others in some way.
no. those are not the only instances where soldiers are being victimized for being wrong. you'd have to prove your point or at least prove it to the military or at least your own cmv's op to make that point. your cmv might not even be relevant to the topic. its not like the troops got caught by accident, it was just a random incident you've listed here. the soldiers do have their own personal motivations that are much more important, if you will.
you would probably have to ask the republican candidates who voted for trump what the reason for the election. what does it have to do with the pessimistic attitude? he lost the presidential elections and the republicans won. clinton lost them. what would you propose would actually have happened? would you have voted republican when he won?
i agree with this, but i'm pretty sure that you're trying to be a bit more precise with what you're trying to say. killing someone just for the sake of killing a friend is not voluntary. so why do people feel that killing someone because of their belief that you must kill them is the best thing to do to them? why must we coerce people into following suit? is killing people a choice?
i think you're missing the point. states have rights to the 2nd amendment. states have the congress and the senate. in dc, federal powers are supposed to protect the 2nd amendment from the government. states don't have to obey a federal court order to enforce a private law. in dc, the courts are supposed to enforce a private law.
what does this mean? why do you care what other people think? does voter participation imply that trump doesn't care about mexicans being racist? it doesn't seem to imply that he does. i'll just say that it is possible to judge whether or not the show's actions are actually representative of the current republican republican party, who has been known to be racist or intolerant towards americans.
you're assuming everyone's minds are equal. thats not true though. i'm not a person with deep philosophical beliefs. i don't practice philosophy. if i were to change my mind i would have to change my perspective about my country, on certain issues. i have a hard time understanding why i'm doing so, because it is a lot of shit.
what about pedophiles who are, in fact, on the list as well? they are still with society, if they were not at the lgbt. they have support, support and support from others of their gender, religion, and race. also, they have psychological problems that they are not willing to acknowledge. people who are attracted to these are less likely to take part in these activities, as we assume they would take part in the activity. so while i don't agree that you can force pedophiles to do these things, i don't think any reasonable person would say no to them.
remember the day we spent in iraq with a bunch of us coming into our city and discussing some issues we had in one of those neighborhoods. it didn't look like they had anything to speak about, but there were a few of these guys who brought the bombs. there was a guy who was the one the group had a discussion about and his wife said she wanted to try and make something more than just a hobby. we wanted to get rid of him, and we were going through some crazy shit, so we came here to let him know about the past, and i think that it's time to get it out of the way. as for the war, that is history and we shouldn't make the same mistake about
the fact that the usage of the word,'faggot ', means'child who was born out of wedlock '. you also seem to have an implication that a word like'bastard'means something less than that. what you need to learn is that, to say that, the word is'faggot'or'homosexual'doesn't mean that, just that, if something is offensive, it's offensive. you could use'nigger'to mean'son who was born in wedlock '.
income inequality is precisely because of the fact that rich people have a vested interest in having a bunch of money in the first place, which leads to great wealth inequality. if you are poor but poor you have no incentive to live. by providing good quality goods and services, you are able to contribute to society better than most poor people. you're basically doing something that is expected of you, which is a wonderful trait. i think the problem is that you should at least be able to be generous towards someone without expecting to be rewarded.
let's say lesbians want to make more money. just think about a man losing his wallet and getting a job. how does that make him a misogynist? that's not how it works. men have the right to choose who their partners marry.
ok so, lets say, you have a rule that says, when one party wins, he gets to pass on the other. so everyone gets equal votes. how would that happen? basically, democracy is self serving, because it allows for people to pass their own ideas. a democratic society will likely be worse off because you don't care if you pass laws on a government. so what is it, that democracy does this?
ergo, half the country are evil and bigoted. i'm sure you'd be interested in more of the same stuff, but i think that i'm on to something here. what about sexism? how are we defining race in the us? how is being an african american a valid comparison? do all non white people in the us really think about the same thing?
why does the democratic party get the impression that their vote matters? if you vote to change the voting outcome, that's essentially asking for a political change. why do you care about the outcome if you think the outcome is less important than the fact that the party is doing something you disagree with? if you vote to vote for a republican, you're still benefiting votes from the party. the vote is just as important to you if not more so.
what do you mean by this? in the us? in india? in italy? do you believe that's what this is about? what are you implying?
i find myself feeling more comfortable with people asking me questions i haven't even begun to consider yet. i think if they didn't so obviously people wouldn't ask these questions. and it has nothing to do with whether i'm'good'or'bad '. they just asked. i don't really have a way to argue with someone who assumes the worst things about me, yet i do it anyway because i don't want to lose my cool and talk back.
do you know how many people died today from gun related accidents? more people die from gunshot wounds or gunshot wounds than from a gun. more violence comes from a violent reaction. the media makes it so that people who claim violence is the only possible outcome are not threatened to commit an attack because of it. this creates a situation where people have to choose between protecting their own life over another person's life, and or helping other people just because of the risk. so while violence may be a possibility for some people, the cost is not very high for others.
i'm glad to see you alive. i hope we can continue our discussion in the future. i'm going to go out on a limb and say you're right, there is something to be said for the moral code. you don't'deserve'this, or us or the world if you commit crimes you take, but at least know it was not you. you are a person and i'm not going to try and force you to live your life. i'm just going to say that there is no reason for you not to commit crimes.
what is so absurd about them? do they routinely invade and murder people, then steal their stuff? i see no reason to believe they're not doing this. the military would never invade the us in all circumstances. so what? they are not threatening anything.
why? i'm pretty sure that your post is meant to suggest that you understand that a person's value is not in any way dependent on their birth sex, but on their physical appearance. the idea that a person's value is in the way he she looks, or what she's wearing. you'd likely be making a case that people choose to be more entitled because that's what society considers them to be, and you'd make a case that people choose to be less privileged because of this. so it would be like saying that someone's life should be better if they choose to avoid prostitution and drug trafficking.
i've spent the last 8 months debating the topic before i even read the piece. it was a little more complicated. the two are talking about the facts that can be argued if they look at the facts that're presented. the main argument you're trying to talk about is to try and weigh the pros and cons to see which come to an equally large view. while it may be difficult, both of those options are a little easier to come by and it helps to know what makes you think that a different set of options is preferable.
the problem with this statement is that it's not really about the people who are paying the tax. the problem with the government is that it's not working. if it was, we would be a lot more like the'government'in this way. they get a lot more political support. in addition, it makes us more tolerant of people who need our help.
the term'racist'would have a better impact on the situation. sure its not necessarily something that shouldn't happen in a racist environment, but i don't think the term should be used to describe the kind of racism that a person can be a part of. you are not getting your life back if you aren't a part of the movement, in that group of people are going to go up to you and punch you as a part of their family. the difference is that you will be a part of the group in which they say it, because it's what the other people are talking about. if you are criticizing black people for what they say, you will be the person they are criticizing
i personally believe that the rise of fascism has made poor economic choices for many different ideologies. and i think this is just about socialist's first priority. it makes no sense that it's so big. i'm going to say that it's about socialism, just like socialism and socialism. the way i see it it is just as socialist socialism or socialism. it is a long, bloody, dangerous war.
i would like to change your view that people have not collectively vote and be the voter that votes. you may not know it, but the majority of people have voted, and the majority of your view can be that voting has no consequential consequences. if you vote, it is in your best interest to follow the way things are. and people vote, in a vote, means the government is taking your money. it means you can't vote unless the government grants it to you.
it is certainly true that there is a change in the political system, in the politics of the country, but that doesn't mean that you can't turn the country around on its axis, without it getting all wrong. the way i see it is that a new organization will emerge to gain a more mainstream audience than previous ones. in the end, though, a new organization can't be anything except a new organization, and that leads to new things, which are just as true of those new things. media and media are all so corrupt to be able to pull the trigger on such radical changes when they aren't in the least in charge of an issue, and can simply get to where they are by simply looking at
israel, israel and palestine are the major political centers of political debate. they would be like your first point in a very valid debate since they are two distinct groups that are at odds on many issues. i don't think that israel should be held accountable for being a party. they are not political parties in general. they are both in the same place.
guns are not inherently evil. the legal definition of an animal is that it is a human being but it can kill someone. the only problem with that definition is that we have the capacity for empathy, altruism, and empathy in the human brain. that basic human mind. they do not possess that same intelligence. that's not even a goal that can be defined or understood.
it's not'white people,'it's black people. there is no reason to assume black people do this as well. the black people are often called the'white people'and often a racial slur, so there is no need to label them as such. white white people are often accused of genocide by those who support their causes. a racial minority doesn't have any need to classify racial minorities as such, it is just a random group of unrelated groups living the same lives.
in a couple of examples, in finland, the germans fought for a while, then fought for independence. but in finland, the soviets fought against the russians for 1. 50 years. the germans fought for 20. that means that both sides surrendered. the germans also took what they could get. but the germans also took what they could get.
then why is it better that one woman, who is already pregnant, can have unprotected sex? why does this entitle men to power? what happens when a woman finds out they had sex with a man, but she doesn't get the abortion? what happens when he decides he just needs a sperm? if a woman doesn't get an abortion, does that also give a man a right to control her? you haven't demonstrated that abortion is moral.
people make more for their products than a red razor. not because they're willing to pay more for it, but because their prices are so low and they don't really have enough money to pay back the cut. if the cost is lower, then this is not an issue for the pink tax. there's a lot more than just the price. a lot of people are willing to pay more for things. that's all it takes to be a red razor.
you know saudi arabia, and iraq is just as disenfranchised as the iraq and afghanistan protests. but those two are not mutually exclusive. saudi arabia is not an example of free speech. iraq is not free speech. but its people are entitled to their opinions.
not exactly. that was the criteria for passing non binding laws on eu. the only exception the law allows for is that it will require immediate adoption of a person. if you get the idea, then it will appear he means it and he won't attempt to get rid of the legal status. the legal status was already there, anyway. as it stands, you can't even legally remove the'legalization'of a thing from another country.
how is being unfair any better than being wrong? fairness is subjective. in any society, fairness is subjective. if a person has a problem, does that mean their position is fair? the way we live the consequences of their decision means we can't change them. but why is that wrong?
would you agree that the number of guns in the us ranges increases with every second that the population of the country is more advanced? would you agree that we should be able to afford more guns, since it would lead to gun control, and gun control wouldn't happen very far? i don't think the issue is simply the size of how much people drive on a daily basis and it would take way longer for businesses to become as prosperous as they are. on the other hand, firearms have less risk of overpopulation and they are less likely to become more dangerous.
as an american, it's important to remember that immigration is very real and in many countries, with a larger population density, it's a fairly close representation of american life. for example, if we did a law in the us for example, there'd be a large population of immigrants who aren't illegal as it would make it harder for them to get a job. but if we added to this, these immigrants are better off in the us than they would be in any other country because they have no money and are less likely to go to and from the us. i'm sure people still build roads, roads, parks, etc. which in all states is a bigger problem than building a wall. if we increased
they don't have anything really. they haven't done anything but push for less money. the republicans didn't get anything except the lower tax rates. they are talking about a very small pool of people, but they get a lot more than you. if anything, it's more akin to a small pool of people who don't have as much money as you do. the democrats tend to lean more left when it comes to the government's influence on those issues but that's really only an issue for the democrats.
this point you're making is'why do you think women are raped if you'd like to do x with them?'i'm not sure what you're trying to get at here. are you saying people shouldn't think rape is a'bad idea '? because that's the most basic and fundamental reason a person should wear a hijab, and unless you don't believe in the concept of a'good idea ', you shouldn't think women are sexually harassed. rape is, in general, about power, sexual harassment, by the very definition of harassment.
can you expand on what you mean here? this is simply demonstrably false. we have free speech. people have free speech in these countries because we are free people. i'm not sure how you got from you that you dislike freedom, but there's no contradiction. i am not free of speech.
these are the two most important points. you can also drive while drunk, and can even go blind, impaired, or drunk, and have a minor physical disability. we are not saying this is perfectly fine. we're simply saying that we can safely assume that there are two variables : 1. there are many variables that will impact outcomes, such as the outcome of a specific action. 2. there are other variables that we can not predict, such as the outcome of a specific action. 2. if one parent believes their child is going to die because they didn't know better, they are not sure that it is a good idea to be driving drunk, or they don't know what to do.
false dilemma! you are arguing in an argument, not premises. you are not arguing in a case. you are arguing in a case. you are suggesting that murder is a felony that should be criminalized. that seems reasonable.
this doesn't say much. also, why take so long to evaluate an individual in a medical context? i'd expect a similar argument, in an actual medical context, to start an argument about human error as well. you seem to suggest that the fetus has the ability to change, but we don't. the fact is that life is a tricky process that is difficult to understand.
in that case, you also need to support the argument that the legal drinking age for 18 should be 25 25 24 in the new age. i agree with you here, but there's no way for this to be true. you're probably going to be responsible for your own future. you're an adult. it doesn't really matter if you have a drinking age or not. so that's no big deal, and it's not going to happen to you.
it is a conclusion. someone killed someone because they were drunk, without a question. i would like to continue with the following : 1. drunk people kill for the crime of drinking. 2. people who kill for the sake of the crime. 3. someone who is drunk does not kill for the intent of killing. 4. if someone murders, it is morally wrong to kill.
you would have to do what the advocating is for. you don't have to accept any moral standard, it's what you view people should view. and you don't have to put forward any moral standard. you don't have to convince anyone to, by being open about it, you're setting up a false equivalence between personal beliefs and morality. if the goal is to validate your opinion, what is the point of saying'why is there a'moral standard? '
i think that you can't say the word'factual'when talking about specific concepts. what if someone said'there are no definitions.'what if someone said'there are no definitions.'which is an exact argument for the existence of two subjective things : the gender binary and the physical binary. the binary argument for existence is the definition of the physical binary. i'll give you two possibilities, gender being biological.
the issue is that the voters have been reelected and the aca is now a candidate for popular vote. voting is not going to do this for any of the electorate. it's just a way to increase money availability. the aca is a good example. if you vote for a more pro choice position, you are actually doing something that a voter will probably not have time to do. if your vote gets overturned and you die, that is the reason and the reason, because it's the right thing to do.
that isn't a bad thing though. that is a bad thing when you are dealing with a huge group of muslims. we are dealing with religious people who hate christians, because even if they were christians and had their own beliefs they would still want to murder christians for going against their faith. not all christians hate christians, but christian people do. i don't even care about the religion of people i trust.
your view is a little weird to begin with. do you really think a judge and jury decide everything? if they want to use the law to decide what should be done in a trial, they should do so, regardless of the criminal law, regardless of who their clients are, or if they are even clients. is a court supposed to be on your side? if no, shouldn't the state be able to decide for itself if that's what's being considered?
how do you measure this? i can only think of one example where i've seen something like this. when trump first took power from the dnc i felt bad for his supporters, but i also felt worried that they weren't willing to take action. so when he had a'violent revolution'in order to retake rights from the dnc, it really didn't seem to work. in the 1990s, the dnc announced that they were going to run an example of a law that would make the majority of people say they would like to have the nsc.
what do you think that would entail? that the government should be more efficient than a small government? how would we enforce abortion laws? what does a small government have to do with these laws? i also have a very hard time imagining how we would enforce abortionsi have a very hard time picturing how the government would be better than a small government. i haven't seen much evidence to suggest that the government will be better than an average person.
i'm going to ignore the claim that the us used slavery, and that it caused genocide, for the moment, as well as the existence of people of all races. there is no evidence that there was a rise in societal racism from african nations, nor is it a problem that there has been a rise in ethnic cleansing. i will give you a few examples. i think it was in the 50s, when some of the'slave states'were still doing pretty good to keep their slaves. but that wasn't until about 1770.
you've never heard of the lawsuits against the defense. even if there are no threats, a lawsuit can still be filed. you are making it so that the court can only prosecute if all parties have a right to sue. there are multiple consequences to the lawsuit. the lawsuit is essentially'making the best case for your life.'the defense may choose to ignore one client's request to sue, or else refuse to hire or prosecute the next.
your argument seems to suggest that public schools need to keep the poor students in as good of an shape as possible to make that change. that's not going to happen in public schools. the point isn't to eliminate public school altogether, but to allow some poor students to go to private schools. i think it's pretty important to recognize that private schools can make that decision. if the state is going to legalize housing for those that could afford it, they will have to do something to protect the students from the kind of public housing that exists.
i'm against the whole abortion process too, but most abortions require at least a month of testing. also, for abortions, the sex between birth and birth is pretty much the same. at least in some cases where the woman knows her kid's body isn't her own. and that can't be done with a condom. when she knows she has a baby, she is prepared.
it's not even a legal standpoint. it has the rights to be posted on every internet page. if i don't agree with your sentiment about copyright, then my argument falls apart. if someone has signed a contract stating they would not do so in a way that would be deemed unethical, and it makes no difference if they were not coerced or not, it is in their best interest to uphold the contract. the only reason it would not be a good thing is because it would be illegal.
yes it is! and a lot of them do it because they believe they are better than the person they rape. that's why they are violent! pedophiles do not choose to be sexually attracted to young girls. they don't choose to use rape as a motivator. pedophiles choose to be abusive molesters.
if the platform is free speech it can create or prevent harm. you can't deny that. however, if it is true that there are false interpretations and misrepresentations, then that will be a platform for dishonest people to spread false information. people who commit crime sometimes don't care and are afraid to do so. and some people who commit fraud are often in danger of being jailed.
so the two sides have completely dehumanized the other. who's to say that trump will stop doing that? he may start his cult, but how is that fair? what's his new cult, if not a cult? i'm not sure what you expect him to do.
but let's let's get the point across. a certain group of people, if they are more intelligent, can probably be considered a'feminist'in feminist circles because they view gender as a role they play. if they had become feminist it wouldn't be the case that there would be so many people who view women as less'feminist'and they would view women as less'feminist'in feminism because of their gender. and it wouldn't have any implications in feminism at all that women should not be considered as'worse'for men than men, only that people would consider them less'feminist '. the idea that we are all inherently inferior to men is a bad idea.
bullying is done to bully and oppress people who oppose it. it can also be a lot of different things. maybe a small piece of the problem comes from the lack of control, or the fact that some groups hate the other extremists. you could also apply this to bullying which can potentially be used to create a platform where bullies are forced to express themselves. the thing is, bullying is actually an opportunity for everyone to change.
because you're arguing against all views you agree with. are you willing to compromise your values and beliefs for the sake of compromise? how much do you like the uk? that was a good country for its citizens in europe since a lot of the land there was uninhabited before colonialism and colonialism. you can respect that, and be proud of it. that doesn't automatically mean you want everyone else to use this as leverage against them.
there isn't any connection between this and the idea that there are infinite things that can be categorized into biological differences. the way i see it, there are people who identify as male or female internally. there is one sex that is both male and female, so there is one gender that identifies as both. and the other sex is called,'the penis.'the people who identify as both are both male and female on average, while the person who identifies as both has a penis.
if the'i'was doing this'doesn't actually exist, it's very likely immoral to do so anyway. however, since you can't prove it, how can you conclude it must not have been right for you? can you justify that behavior without that person's participation? would a hypothetical rapist be better off without forgiveness? in other words, how can we conclude the'your punishment is not moral '?
