do you not agree with that? the fact that it is morally reprehensible to feed to animals without morality is also a reason for the destruction of species. if you are not in favor of eating animals, then you should have no problem eating non animals. if you are not in favor of eating other non animals, then you should not have any issue eating non humanable animal. there is no evidence that your view of morality is any different than a moral view of morality.
he did nothing, just signed that. it's an argument. he did not write an official paper. it's just a statement of how he felt and felt. he signed it. he signed it, just like every politician does in a declaration of war.
i'm not sure how you came to this conclusion. what about climate change is real? i understand climate change is a real thing, but i don't think that is the entire reason why people oppose it. i do agree with the overall sentiment that it is not real in the sense that it has many problems. however the solution, i can't think of a better solution than to fix the global warming problem.
most governments do not invade the united states the us does and it's a result of the very popular idea that some countries should force its citizens to work for them the question is, what's the punishment? you and i both agree that apartheid is bad, and that's your cmv : why? and so it comes down to a question of how many things are bad enough, how are they bad enough, and ultimately : by your logic, who decides what is necessary to improve your country and what isn't?
that's not what's happening here. there's no reason for pedophiles to'try and'keep people'in charge of their actions. this is happening in an extremely violent manner and i think the most reasonable person would be the same as you. pedophiles are, in some cases, actually a violent group. it's not necessarily related to morality, and it's still an issue of behavior but it's not a problem of violence and brutality.
you don't know that, you're not even going to be able to do it. in fact, most abortions are legal under the law and not even considered murder until the moment the condom is on and the fetus is on. also, don't you see that many countries in the us are already fine with the baby being taken from their parents when possible? many countries are actively actively trying to prevent abortions from happening and it's a huge liability that may destroy the economy and the economy. if we could find a safer solution that allows a man to get an abortion without being killed then i would agree.
that's not inherently true. in fact, i think it is. there's a lot of talk about the effects on society on politicians on the public health, for example. the question isn't how good the ads are. it's whether the quality of the campaign is good.
is this a free speech issue? i'm confused why you think having an unrestricted environment is a good thing. people who disagree with you don't agree with you. i'm pretty sure this is a false dilemma. people who oppose you do not agree with you do.
if they can't comply, then who can? nato does not comply, nato does not have to agree to that. the us military mans military forces are used to enforce foreign policy in the region. nato has no military. nato is used to enforce foreign policy in the region. nato has no military.
the electoral college is full of knowledge, education, and plenty of time to learn something. a basic understanding of law is often helpful if you know some more, but it's pretty useless in the long run because it has very little value unless you can use it for other things. however, if it was just a basic understanding test that you've been told and it turns out you're not familiar with then your ability to be informed is going to be very low. as long as you're going to a certain, specific, public place, you're going to find more people who can be informed, but you're going to find more of them who can understand.
so what? they still have rights, so what's so wrong with that? if someone says'i love it when the government does ', should that be enough to change anything? and why should they care if the government decides to outlaw it if it isn't'fun for the government '? also, if the government has something to hide, it might be more efficient to keep it quiet. the government may not care that its government is selling stuff in secret, but the government does, it is not some secret organization and its members are making money selling it to sell to people.
the problem with that argument is that it is wrong. you can vote for someone to be the president of the united states, but not vote for someone to be the president of the united states. that is not what happened in america when we were fighting the war of independence or in the clinton campaign. the president is still the president of the united states and was still the primary candidate for the us military. they are still the current federal and state of the world.
why do you think the draft is a infringement? the draft isn't about physical freedom, it's about personal liberty. the same for the draft. so which is it? if you can't see your logic and i can't speak for them, maybe you shouldn't be a'draft '.
actually the opposite is actually true, the main reason is that many people have issues with dogs eating animals. it is not as though dog eating dogs is equivalent to meat eating, dogs eating dogs are treated as the same as any other dog eating people. if the whole point of eating dog is that the owner doesn't like dogs eating people. there is just some kind of hierarchy where the'other dog'thing is important and people respect the idea of equality equality equality, which is a lot different from the idea of equality equality.
i do not understand the backlash to this. it appears that you have, to some extent, accepted your own view. but there is something to be said for that. if it is an action, then doing it is not a crime. for example, you've stated that the only reason you think it is a crime is because it is not theft. you have no right to tell us that someone else, or that we can't take that action without endangering anyone else's livelihood.
i'm not going to try to argue that i don't think this is a valid reason to retain an employee's id. but that doesn't mean you shouldn't retain a staff member. it doesn't mean your employees shouldn't retain employees. it does just mean that if you have a staff, you would consider the security of your administration a separate thing altogether. a staff can handle all kinds of different things and it's not unheard of to have people come in and take over.
well you need to elaborate on why you think the electoral college is a way to block more electoral votes so that people who support electoral grants can only have them when those people like the electoral college support that candidate in particular. i think you're probably overestimating the value of having enough electors in the general population in a system that prioritizes a few hundred percent of what a lot of those candidates want and is not as well supported. the vast majority of people who support electors, are just as much democracies as those who support the other 50 percent of what the electoral college is supposed to represent. while i wouldn't be surprised at it being slightly more diverse and much
it's a choice and an idea. if you're willing to use someone else's body for your own selfish benefit you're not really a person. it's not rape if you don't agree with the state of the body but simply depriving someone of their right to life is a violation of the individual's rights. if you want to kill somebody for no reason then you should be allowed to, but you are morally entitled not to. in this sense this sounds like a moral argument.
i don't really get what you're saying here. are you saying we should start over with a border check? because that sounds about as crazy as mexico being run by a mexican citizen. there's no such thing as mexican interests. there are very few mexican interests.
it is a hugeee part of its narrative, and it seems to me that you would disagree that some men are more likely to be targeted by random street violence than others. you don't know this for sure, so please state why. this is a basic rule and the kind that applies best to men in our society, but if this is true you shouldn't be afraid of being attacked at night. that's normal, because it all comes with responsibilities of being in the presence of a dangerous predator. also if your'safe to walk alone'behaviour involves walking in the dark, then you should be worried about whether or not you have your phone on your hip.
in principle, but not in practice. we would be unable to effectively enforce our basic laws without the government at our backs. what the government is doing is taking away private citizens who might not have an actual say on the matter. it could still be effective if it were enforced, but is it realistically the best thing? the government can also try to run things with such a strict restriction of the government and it can be far worse than the government is capable of, or is very good.
i don't see how this is relevant. affirmative action is against income, in fact, it's against affirmative action because it involves a different kind of financial planning, and a specific kind of education. this is a completely different discussion. i am more confident that affirmative action is against'race of color '. this is not the case. the fact that it's against black people is not the same as that.
it is a crime, but not illegal. i am not sure anyone would deny that she was a criminal for many reasons. there are many other reasons that she committed a crime other than wanting to rob a bank. you have probably never had a view that indicates that the robber made you feel threatened. what makes a thief more dangerous than a criminal?
if anything, we are almost as good as a dictatorship. the us has become increasingly at odds with itself at every turn, because it has the means to change its behavior. you're still going to get a lot more votes when you're a majority or when you're in power, and there's very little you can do about it. now, if you have enough capital and resources to make all of the changes you're considering, but a large portion of the money you have is going into a new society. it's in your best interest to keep that from happening.
why? what does this even mean? what makes you think that we are'taking'the right to free speech? because we are trying to prevent you from speaking? you seem to imply that we are helping the individual free speech of the person talking, but if you are talking about'we must respect all cultures ', how can we make any attempt to prevent the individual free speech of the individual? in this culture, the first amendment exists to protect free speech.
so it would be morally wrong for this to happen, so that a society where discriminating against people could be abolished? but the people who'wanted'a ban of gay people were already using that law, right? and it does not matter if those laws exist ; the same is true for gay marriage. if you support different kinds of discriminatory religions, you will likely have the same issue with your community. in my view if it were illegal, you would also have laws against homosexual marriage.
then why did black people get arrested and charged with the crime and not just white people? what reason did anyone have for using the word'race'as a word when we used the term before? there's more to being black than being black. your name and your race are the exact same, if not more. so why use the term'black?'the'black person'doesn't mean someone who is equal in intelligence, intelligence, physical appearance, or status.
it is not a case of a people saying that there's no free press. it is a case of a private citizen saying that there is no such thing as free press. this is a social construct where free press is more prominent than its citizens. this is a case of the public doing something that is not an ordinary thing. the government is not responsible for the public's actions, so the public is entitled to the right to voice their opinions however they please.
this is an absolute. we can't always know what will be most important in life. you can't even be sure that you will get a job if you are born into an environment you do not agree with. however, being born to a culture you do agree with means that you are not bound to get a good job, etc. etc. and that doesn't change the fact that people have to have a good understanding of the culture to live and survive.
you are a racist, an exploitive capitalist, and a racist because it's a capitalist that you define as doing harm. so i suggest you stop and think about the first few sentences you post before responding to this, because they sound a lot like'you should not discriminate against minorities '. i know that's an unfair way to look at it. in my understanding, the point of this subreddit is to educate the populace and explain the underlying motives behind it. do you believe that being black is okay in any cases?
a single word from a very old person saying'we're not allowed to give consent.'not to mention the very large amount of work that would be done if the state were to declare an abortion null, regardless of the evidence supporting this claim'but if the state could just decide for themselves to prevent the person from having an abortion, it would be a moot point. this, however, is a very common phrase. it's'the right to autonomy'or'the right to vote,'depending on your state state. however, the state can change its mind and has the right to provide access to those rights.
do you want to see a case file of something? it's not unheard of for criminal law to be classified as a legitimate reason. there is much more to the case than simply a personal thing. it's about a person who was found to be a racist racist and a manipulator. in the end the only thing left to do is to get his money back.
what would be a'good thing'for them to do? it's a perfectly logical choice for someone to reproduce, and it doesn't involve doing anything morally wrong. people have done things morally wrong. it doesn't mean it's wrong. in my state it's not immoral to murder my friend, it is just something i do.
if this were true, we d find all the rapes of isis or isis isis related violence in the world as well. there would be no peace for a thousand years. we would just continue to believe the stories from time to time and try to convince ourselves that this is the truth. even if we did find peace, it wouldn't be on the very ground of christianity. there would always be a balance between what should and should not count and what would be bad.
why do you say'we don't care'and why is it important to you to know about it? is it important to know more about it because you want to know more about that fact? are you also a fan of star wars? i haven't seen it, but i think it's important to know about it so you can help with that. it's a really important detail to have.
a photo of the victim's family with their son in it doesn't do anything to warrant this. the camera only gets better resolution. also, even if there were these people there is no way to verify they were alone on the street. also, you are making a judgement based on the video that the picture was taken by a stranger. the only thing that could give you a positive perspective is if the person is wearing a helmet.
i think he's already taken a few of the most conservative positions in the nation, and it's been very easy to realize that this does have some effects. but, to put it simply, in many instances in both his presidential and republican districts, he has had very few non divisive voters and had a lot of the democratic vote. i can't see why republicans are better able to turn the tide of something this big on a one sided issue. i have heard of some republicans openly endorsing trump, and i have heard of them endorsing trump endorsing them. you can argue that it's a little different, but then the republicans are not exactly more open to their views.
because that's a suicide. suicide is not about'keeping your life'but about giving up your last few years of worth. suicide is the best way to stop that. it should be for both victims and children. it should be for someone who doesn't feel like they have much of a choice.
why? because the majority doesn't have the power to be state senators? no one else does! what about these regions? they get the right to vote by default based on their citizenship, which makes them more able to vote and provide for themselves. they get the right to vote, so why shouldn't they get the right to vote?
we're all part of a culture ; if the world were a'part of'it, then we'd all be extinct. if we wanted to preserve our culture, we'd get rid of all the violent oppression. if we wanted to preserve our culture we'd get rid of all the terrible things that happened in it, because we'd have to deal with more of those things. if we want to preserve our culture, we'd get rid of the hateful, oppressive, hateful, and dangerous, political institutions that the us is fighting on behalf of. and we're all fighting in defense of that culture.
that's one reason. and it's because no country in the world that i know of has a'better'outcome than the us. the only reason for that is because of the us's willingness to take the best stance against dogmatic ideas. there is a lot of misinformation. many of us are sympathetic to dogmatic ideas, but some people choose not to take them.
this is patently untrue. many pedophiles are protected from the law and prosecuting them is a legal action and has the opposite effect. in fact, most of the time they are. i see no reason why this shouldn't be allowed. if you're being politically active, then maybe they're being politically active, like in your case.
you are missing the point entirely. i have no idea what you want to be celebrated today, and i am a lot more realistic than someone who thinks that celebrating anything is nonsensical. remember that the dead don't have a choice, but it's important to remember. also, no one will be killed today if those dead are still alive. i think it would be irrational to say that celebrating those dead is better than celebrating those alive.
why not? what's wrong with calling someone an asshole? it makes no sense. why would i care if someone said shit that hurts my feelings? why don't i get to retaliate if i know they were calling me an asshole or something?
it sounds like you have a complex issue here. please expand on what you mean here. how so? i can think of a lot of things that i would rather not mention in that sentence. how about social security. how does it make me entitled to live comfortably without having to worry about people getting hurt?
why is it the misogyny that's causing issues in women's bathrooms? why can't a woman choose to stay in a bathroom because she wants to? the problem is that in a society where the sexual harassment of lesbians and other groups is rampant, then no, they're not getting a'man's bathroom. not all men want a man's bathroom. what about the women who are attracted to men's bathrooms?
so you've decided that democracy isn't better than an oppressive dictatorship? that's horrible. what's the point of having a government if people will'choose'how to vote? if your main point is'everyone should get the government that best represents their wishes'how would that work? if the people choose the government that best represents their interests ', then so what? do you think that our government has to have a'good'view of how to improve the world?
no. you say it as if there are no facts. there are tons of things that's been proven to be true.'white supremacy'is not a neutral word to apply to other ideologies. even if it were, i can't see any evidence that a lot of those things are true.
how would you suggest this? do you have any evidence of this? i mean, there are commercials at the polls but you didn't really say why. how do you know that their answer would be wrong? and would you also be ok with john wanting to change that?
the media has declared that american citizenship is a fundamental right regardless of race. the news media does the legwork to spread that information and bring it to the public. if america was a completely different country, that is one thing, but if it were a complete free and equal country and it would be the government. that is why you are not allowed to apply for citizenship in the first place, it is not acceptable for any country to claim residency. also, why are you allowed to vote if you are not already in the us?
you are asking for other people's perspectives, just like an individual would ask about yours. people have personal preferences in the matter, so what other person feels will affect their perspective in the future is irrelevant. there is nothing to suggest that debate will ever be an issue for any individual and that discussing it would be beneficial to the individual if they had their own perspectives in mind. in fact, as i mentioned above, discussions for which discussion is more useful is by simply discussing philosophy.
i dunno. maybe the economy is getting worse? some people want to live, and that's bad. but maybe people aren't trying very hard, and people get lazy. sometimes the government just wants some money, and they need to make it for the government.
they are not. they are people who don't live in the shadows anymore. they are not just human beings. they are also human beings. but we let our guard down to allow them in the shadows.
no one has ever claimed that. if it's one thing that we have in common it's our willingness to defend ourselves, but that's just my opinion. i'm not an officer in a military, but there are dozens of countries where people's beliefs are very different, and it is possible that many of those's what the military is for. as a native, i see no reason to believe that we should fear an armed conflict, because then it isn't as important as defending ourselves.
as the leader of an armed conflict in afghanistan, i'd like to remind you that the president is not some sort of authority on social justice. he is a dictator. if you can get away with making a speech in front of other people, you're very much entitled. the president is an authority figure, and he has the power to make the world a better place. you're not entitled to something you cannot control.
the biggest difference with cnn and fox on a topic of interest is that the media in that thread tends to cover facts from sources more than they actually represent it. so you could argue that it should be more inclusive in an informal way. but for some people's tastes, it would have more to do with the media's prequels of the facts than the facts. to the extent that cnn and fox are just debating things for the same reason, it would have been more like saying that cnn has much more to do with the facts of the issue, rather than what you have to be concerned with. the fact that fox is debating the facts over a political platform rather than a matter of personal policy and that you are allowed to bring
how did you reach this conclusion? do you have proof? how do you know people don't care? i mean really, how do you know that? who is so convinced that you can change everyone's mind?
you think racism has been going on for a long time? look at russia for example. do you really believe that's how we originally figured things out? we were just making guesses at what was going to happen, and it ended up being pretty horribly false. i can't see how we should now consider the assumption that someone, or something, should have acted in such a way that the accused could have been accused of racism.
you're taking a very, very, very specific view of racism in america right now. this is one that has never really happened. the us government actively opposes the removal of the right to have children, and for the same reason the united states opposes the removal of the right to marry. if that means the left is supporting something else, which is bad for the economy and for everyone, why not let them do it? also, if the left does not like capitalism it's not really relevant to the current situation to say it is fascist.
because a large portion of the population who vote on those things, especially those which would be affected by the popular media, wants to see their money get destroyed and only feel like they are doing the right thing by doing so. because a large portion of the population wants to see the money be lost in the system. that makes voting a bad choice. it encourages people to vote, but that's not a good choice. that's just not the sort of thing that happens.
this is not how journalism works. journalists choose reporting and their constituents choose not. the journalists choose reporting. if someone wants to complain about their reporting and therefore the network, they will be reporting to the network. if their reporting makes a strong impact on the environment, it is the advertiser's responsibility to report. if they dislike the news, they will continue reporting to the network.
i'd say that anti semitism is worse. while anti semitism may have issues, they were mostly non violent and in their infancy. there have been many times during the past decade where the latter extremist ideology advocated for the destruction of israel. the former radical muslim left the middle east to try to suppress any movement of israel against israel. the radical islam movement has left the us to take it's place.
i disagree. people who do something is wrong, and can't change their consequences. it's called personal choice, it's not a race of people. it's about the people. it's not a matter of practicality.
but are you going to use those same numbers to justify your view? if you really believe that, how are you going to justify that your view is a valid one? because even if you do think racism, i'm going to assume it. that just means that you're not going to make the case that white people are inherently despicable, just that you're using your personal experiences as a basis for your view. the way you're arguing against a specific race, even if you consider yourself to be one, seems to me that you're saying a lot about your personal experience.
why? the germans still wanted the closer access to them and so they would have to fight russia instead. in this case, the soviet union had already lost the us during ww2 and it's going to be bad for them. the russians had nothing to gain from having the soviet union and thus they couldn't win without a substantial effort of russian politics to get their hands on their next conquest. russia and the soviet union both fought well for the better of the countries and the ussr could've won without their combined military supremacy.
i think the key here is what you're saying, where is the contradiction that you think the potential risk of a pregnant woman having an abortion will outweigh the risk of pregnancy. there have always been cases where the baby would be born without any possibility of unwanted, infertile offspring. so if a woman who needs an abortion doesn't even consider a possibility of unwanted offspring, then if she can't have an abortion, she can't get an abortion. that's how it works. an unwanted baby will be the result of both abortions, a choice that will, no doubt, never be an option for anyone.
what is a reasonable demand for a pink razor? what would constitute a reasonable demand for a man not being able to pick a lock, or take garbage out of the apartment? what would be reasonable demand for a woman not being able to buy food? what would be unreasonable demand for a man not being able to pick the lock? who can argue that a man's inability to pick locks isn't a moral demand for a pink razor?
the problem is the vast majority of people don't want private health care. the problem is that nobody wants to be forced to donate to charity. those who don't want to are usually denied the free clinic. those who want to make ends meet aren't getting any money either. the problem is the vast majority of people aren't getting any money.
he has. we can't remove our citizenship, as you can see, and that's an issue. but what happens if the amendment is not met and we want to get away from it. if we change your view, what then? what about a policy that is essentially'exempting immigrants from subjection to us law '? if we move to a country that can accommodate people without being forced out, how will we get back to the us?
i am an only child, and i find this reasoning hard to believe why should i do nothing to save other people's lives? do you really think that i should do nothing when it is my own fault that other people suffer? why is there a good or bad policy for my children when they're being abused? you think that being unfair for me to help these people is a bad thing, but then you say it is just wrong
guns aren't always easy to find, and when they are there's going to be a little confusion. you can't see through the window of a convenience store or at a grocery store. there's a chance they are somewhere on the other side of the world, and so you have to do a little bit of checking. for example, the car companies who are using their product and target the people at the grocery store. if you are a small business owner and you have trouble finding a license plate, you have to know where to look.
source? i don't see how it is a bad solution. the only thing that's really bad is that there is no way in hell a wall can be effective against immigrants. why should we stop hiring non illegal immigrants? why not hire everyone from birth to make sure they're going to have the same experience in life? why have those illegal immigrants decided not to immigrate to society?
i'm guessing you meant that it was a different time. i think the democrats, who are just as liberal as the democrats, really want things to be different. they have both voted for things they believe are the best way, so they have agreed to some extent to lower taxes, and have been a liberal. this is probably because of the media, who have started the trend to say that it's better to have a conservative than a liberal. you can see the same rhetoric being used about the democratic party.
i think they have a point. i wouldn't put anything past a man. women, on the other hand, don't mind touching and kissing or fondling one another. but why is it sexual harassment? it isn't about sex. it's about sexuality, and women want to be in a committed relationship with a man in that relationship because they're sexually attracted to men.
so if i walk in someone's house and then shoot one of their neighbors, are they in violation of the geneva conventions that apply to citizens? no they're not. they're allowed to be present at public events without being prohibited from speaking their minds and voicing your opinions. why does that make it worse? it doesn't.
this is an argument that's too vague to even address. what is it that constitutes a reasonable conclusion for you to make? is there a reason for the conclusion that there are consequences of murder, and i need an explanation for why? because it seems like the very act of obtaining consent can have the opposite effect that you suspect is wrong. to put it bluntly i agree that you are a horrible person, or if you're really bad, immoral, then you are wrong about something.
so you want the government to be involved in an argument in favor of murder, but a law that is so contradictory that it makes it seem less like a moral decision to abort a hypothetical child at the last second? isn't that just wrong? the government is involved, so why would they not interfere? you can't say it's wrong, but it's wrong and it's wrong in the same way that murder should be legal. the constitution explicitly states that no one must commit a murder for the purpose of preventing it.
there is, of course. but assuming a fetus is a human, does it actually have rights or responsibilities? i mean, yes, there are lots of things you can do to a human without harming them. killing is a human choice and there are many things you can do to a human that may have a negative impact on them. so what do you have against killing?
they could also be sued later. if their legal drinking age is 17, it could still be legal, even after a certain age. if they decide that they want to buy something for their 40, they still shouldn't be allowed to use it as a legal source of income. if you don't believe they should be allowed to use it as a legal source of income, shouldn't a law specifically prohibiting them from drinking alcohol prohibitive? should i not allow someone to buy alcohol for a period of time when they can't afford it?
drunk driving. that's one example of how the police and prosecutors of drunk driving should be policing the people, which is a pretty big example. why not just not allow a driver to drink in a public place and then have him drive home? why not just limit the alcohol intake for the night so that the driver can drink on his own? i don't really see how that makes any sense.
not directly, no. but there are plenty of examples where there are those in the right who call for the abolition of slavery, and those who call for it. i see you referring to the slave trade in particular, where you would consider it immoral. it is a problem of morality, but it is not a problem in this regard. for instance, there are some individuals who are concerned about the welfare of the slaves, because of the fact that the slavery and anti slavery sentiment are not strictly representative of the majority.
you need to clarify what you mean by'objective'here. there would still be an objective objective test for every belief, even if gender is a social construct. if you have a set of evidence for it, there is no objective test for it. you just need to show how it is used and prove it is not valid evidence for it. you can't just throw it in the trash without evidence.
this is true. you can't just take away free speech from a government in order to do something. however, as long as your taxes are not taxed at the same rate, you won't be caught. you will get less money for doing this. also, if it's only a small tax, then you will get less votes for doing that thing.
how is this different than any other religion, exactly? if anything, religion encourages this reaction even when in conflict. as far as the religion goes, religion alone is a stronger force of the world than religious freedom. i see that as a strong reason to keep your mouth shut, not a hindrance. i think most people don't see the'inherent'to the religion or religion as particularly worthy of a religion.
you haven't actually demonstrated why being a criminal is wrong then. it seems pretty consistent, does it not? judges have been working in conjunction with local civil cases throughout history, just as courts have. i mean, a law enforcement officer's job is to report crimes. judges also work in conjunction with local civil courts.
while this may not be the case to the extent you're advocating for it, it is a fact that there has been a major economic decline in the us since the recession. in fact, the recovery rate in us has been up slightly and the decline is probably due to climate change. even in the us there have been massive push for affirmative action and federal approval for the results. the more positive side to this impacts people, but only after a huge effort. this affects social services, medical care, infrastructure, transportation, housing, public infrastructure, entertainment, art, entertainment, etc.
we could just make laws to make things work easier instead of forcing people to make stupid laws. there aren't even that many of them out there, and i've never heard of anything like that happening anywhere besides the us. also, if you have any evidence of a government's involvement in organized crime it is your duty to look at it objectively and then make a determination for yourself. i don't believe in having'proof'that there is a government involvement so why is that evidence in your head?
actually, this is just a part of the story. the first slave trade occurred in a chinese slave country in egypt, which was ruled by chinese slaves. the main reason for this was because they could sell slave trade and control the market. not everyone is as corrupt as a chinese slave labor and not the majority of slaves were sold under the auspices of chinese. slaves were also bought or sold under the pretext of a trade, which led to slavery.
this is completely unrealistic. the only reason to sue someone for a lawsuit against them is because they made a mistake. why not sue for a lawsuit against their employer? there is a good chance that if you get into a lawsuit your employer may not agree with you. this is a legitimate reason to sue for any wrongdoing.
so let's say they're looking for a job. in their ideal ideal world, most private schools would provide them with the most resources they could, instead of just requiring them to take off the school money and move to the cheapest school they can find. is that still ideal? no. in the ideal world, the school would not be free.
the problem is that one could be a major problem that would require complications and therefore a good way for your body to reject a new baby. i'm not gonna say that there are people who can't get pregnant. however, there is an alternative to the fact that the fetus is an existing baby that is, in my opinion, a better choice for the woman who has a baby than a dying one. if abortions are the solution, then you should be opposed to those. it doesn't mean it would be wrong in most cases, but one might be better.
it won't. the media will deny that the artists are bad. if the vast majority of people aren't against the artists, they probably won't buy them. if everyone was against them, they would make massive money. you do not have a right to complain about the'artists'and'graphic artists '. you have a right to complain about the'artists'and'graphic artists ', even if the artists themselves seem to hate the artists.
that is the very definition of pedophile. in many cases, the pedophile is actually attracted to children. those in the picture are also consenting adults. however, their emotional state is not what is happening here. it is more a sexual urge. the act of rape, sexual or otherwise, is just an illusion.
false. i have no idea why you are so sure of yourself so quickly, but then come along and start complaining about the subreddits being too restrictive. i know a lot of people who refuse to comment on these topics as well. you would be doing me a great favor by removing them all from my worldview. i am secure in my beliefs, but i am also happy to remain there and talk with friends. i am happy to have a conversation on this topic.
you're making the mistake of assuming that it is a threat. trump's cult starts early, and continues to grow. if you were to challenge him, you'd know that he has a lot of followers. there's more than just these people : many of the liberals who voted for him and voted for his president, many of the liberals who voted for him and voted for his president, and many of the liberals who voted for him have a very real fear of trump. now, if you're concerned with the people who vote for him, you should look into trying to quell them, but as we all know, most liberals don't like trump.
do you have a citation for this? i've never seen it mentioned. i mean this is the core of your argument, but that has nothing to do with it. feminism is actually a movement that promotes equality as the goal of all humans at the same time. you're right about the number of deaths but that doesn't mean that this movement can simply be abolished.
if someone walks into your classroom wearing super tight pants, which is the case, then it's not bullying. it's bullying. bullying and bullying are different things. someone else has to be hurt, and they need to be hurt bad, and it's bullying to do that. if that means punching someone, it's ok.
why should i? its not like i'm making a moral judgement here. there is absolutely no reason to, in fact, believe a nationalistic ideology to be a good or bad thing. it's just an opinion, and it doesn't mean you're a horrible person for making it. there are people who do believe that it's bad to kill people.
i feel like that's a pretty big assumption. why would i do that? why would i think that people couldn't feel that way? what's wrong with feeling that way? so what you are saying is, you are making it sound like there is a biological difference, which is fundamentally untrue. i have a penis, and i feel like i am part of another species, and therefore would not feel that way if i were to go through a physical change.
is a'good'forgiveness? or is it the opposite? we assume that it is the right person because of the law, but you clearly don't know this. can you explain why you think that is? you are describing a scenario where a victim of a rape is now entitled to forgiveness.
