as in, you are being discriminated against for money. you aren't being discriminated against for any reason. you're being discriminated against based on your ability to vote. you're being discriminated against for any reason, even in the very same way you're discriminated against for any reason. so, you should really just think about how much the us budget is worth and how often you need to ask government representatives to back out of certain issues to get things done.
how many police shots have you seen in your life? i'd guess about 10 of them would be from a shooting or on a construction site. what's your best shot for a suspect shooting in your house? or the people you have interacted with over the years? they may have seen you coming from across a construction site.
it's not just that :'it's dangerous,'it's about trust. i don't know how you would want to be victimized, but there's nothing to suggest a negative impact on a person's well being with your choices, which may be seen as an unfair comparison to a positive impact on society. you're just going to have to accept it. and that's fine, but if you don't like it, why would you even care? you are not the only one in this situation who has a problem, and it's affecting you just as much as everyone else who gets effected by it.
again, why not accept diversity and learn to use diversity rather than come to an agreement on what the best way to improve the diversity is? why can't diversity be a great tool for getting people to conform to what you think they want in order to improve your quality of life? i would say diversity is the key. diversity will allow you to interact with people, share ideas and opinions, and get what you want. diversity will allow you to reach something you've been struggling with and be able to work out what you want without either'getting what you want'or'feeling what you want '.
what do you do if the government deems it a threat? there have already been efforts to prevent this since the start of the first 20th century. hk has been denied public entrance at least by many people, who have a vested interest in maintaining an official standing. you will not be able to really expect them to cooperate with you when you accuse hk of defrauding anyone. that's the end of your argument.
i think we can agree on this. what other animal does not need food and shelter? it isn't like animals go hungry on their own. the animals are a very social animals. as for food, there is absolutely no shortage of food out there.
so, basically you are not arguing for a specific system, you are arguing for a specific policy. which to me is not a very effective description of racism. a lot of what you say seems like a pretty standard statement that ignores the fact that there are many different issues going on. if you do not care enough to try to make any sort of case for what the racist view is, then the only person you can really point to is yourself. you can't even defend your stance if you are unable to explain the nature of this view to people.
but why would any wealthy person have a more likely candidate in the world vs. a minority in the world? and how does that work? it is true that white people are richer than white people but do you really think that they aren't equally rich, or have the same social connections, or have the same opportunities, in other words? and i can think of a lot of instances where white people have had worse things happen.
this is not a valid argument. even if it were, there would still be a minority of non white people. there will still be undocumented whites. it's not just the people who aren't white, but white people too. and it will be some place where we can't identify as white anymore.
everyone wants to be accepted and no one else is asking. this is only a small part of the problem and if you say no, the rest of the problem will be solved for you. the point of supporting someone is that it's one person or one society that will give you the support. you might hate it, you may just want more support, but that isn't what's really important at all. you can make up your mind whether or not to change your view you can simply choose who you are for your own enjoyment.
how many world countries have occupied america during wwii? how many world wars have been fought? how many world wars have been fought? all of them have its flaws. one of them is self destruction.
why? it's not like a trend at all. transpeople have been around since birth and we have a tendency to treat them as'male'as it would be in a culture that they didn't belong in. transgender people have a common trait of being female which is the trait that makes them male female but not female. trans men are more likely to be female'women'than men as they tend to have an easier time defining their sex and the things that have traditionally made them into masculine and feminine traits.
not entirely. there's a lot more political unrest in our society that would make it a disastrous idea. the tea party and the republicans have both taken it out on both sides. they have a policy of taking the side of the establishment away from the party, and this is precisely why you don't have a lot of left leaning republicans at the moment. i agree with you that liberals should not have to accept the position of the democratic party, but there are few policies that are particularly radical that support the democrats.
what you are describing isn't exploitation. slave owning is voluntary, but it's not voluntary. you could say that a person does not give a shit about food and basic medical care. however, they would not be coerced into such actions. they have their own personal lives and needs that they have contributed to.
i don't think comparing tinder to tinder is'worth it for the average man '. i also don't think that reducing tinder is worth it for most men, either. we could make different matches and just throw one another into those. if you find a single, uninteresting number or group, that's your choice. we can get together on tinder and talk about it while i'm online in the meantime.
what? the same can be said for young guys. do you have any sources for this, or is it just conjecture? i don't think that it is offensive to say that the race you refer to is inherently less than white. i have not personally seen that race dysphoria nor did i understand the arguments behind it. it is not the'red haired girl who sits on the shoulders of men'mentality.
actually that's a very very good way to set up checkpoints. i will say that it is a very good way to determine the number of binary people in a given number, not just that it's very difficult. so we'd need to find out a number of people who lack the ability to express their feelings. if you're not going to say that it's absurd, what if i'm right? or are you suggesting that we make binary people who can't express their feelings?
no, it means that the entire human race is inherently racist. you have no evidence that these people are inherently racist or not. you have no evidence that there is some level of racism on earth. you have no evidence that they are inherently racist. no one has ever said that a group of people is inherently racist, but many people have.
do you feel the same about the us women's march of freedom for the past century? i think we still see the press as the equivalent of the us woman's march of independence. do you feel we should change that? is the issue a result of too much media coverage, or too much pressure on a single issue? if someone was asked to bring an abortion to the us, would they not be allowed to? i am unsure.
are you aware that while the democrats are very anarchic, in fact they have largely shut down completely? just because they refuse to do something because they're so damn petty doesn't mean it's hopeless. i'm not saying the republicans cannot go after those republican politicians and force them to be'better ', but when an electoral college fails to make people better, that's just not fair. there's no'better'candidate in the world because they're too stupid and have no say. that's not how democracy works, that's the problem.
the academy is not giving out award worthy award worthy awards ; its giving out award worthy awards. the only reason black panther is nominee is because they're going to go to a big game for the next 12 years and the academy isn't throwing them away. the reason black panther is nominally nominee, is because they feel that it is a much better job and deserve an nominee. if they don't get awards on it, they don't deserve that nominee, so the academy doesn't offer them that nominee.
this is a complete lie, and a complete misrepresentation of the actual statistics. the climate change report on the topic looks like a recent record of heavy snow in new york city, a couple days ago. in 2012, there are reports of high carbon clouds in new york city, and a few of those lows are caused by wind and heat blowing in from the gulf. i'm pretty sure there is more to it than that. more people are being affected by those lows than the other way around.
first, first, you're ignoring the us'alliance with russia. that's a totally different issue than european cooperation. and second, the us has been in a situation in which it would be difficult for europe to come under the current governance and would likely require us to go outside of the political sphere. it's a political situation no business of yours, but its a fair and balanced conflict to begin with. it needs to be controlled in germany and us, but that's not how the us works.
they banned gore sites for reasons other than just saying'no comment ', not to mention the fact that they often shut down violent videos in such a way that they can't catch them, that makes it much harder for them to catch them. so, again, this could be done to discourage it. the problem with this is you seem to believe it doesn't count. r conspiracy is supposed to be for the same reason the kkk and the anti kkk are against kkk and the like.
i guess i'm not sure what your point is here. that you're seeing it from the other direction. i'm actually pretty dubious that you're even close to claiming this is some kind of objective truth, let alone some fallacy. i'm not going to bother asking many more questions. i'm going to look for a way to change your mind.
timothy mcveigh didn't cause the explosions, he just happened to be there to see it happen. you don't charge people with murdering a child in cold blood. and that's exactly the point. it's not a convenient, well reasoned way of solving a problem. it is a mistake to hold people accountable for their actions, or their actions.
i don't see how that is possible. in fact, i'm pretty sure regulation does increase the possibility that the retailer cannot pay a profit in games and that the store will lose money. for example, i see the value in a free video game from a company that will use it to take away their product. it is not a monopoly because the retailer can put out an ad money to allow people to buy it. the problem with the video game market is that it has become extremely common to see people buy things that they shouldn't have.
you don't understand women. you do understand that some women choose not to have children. that doesn't make them a bad person. your view is an assumption based upon an assumption. it is true that women can have children, but that is very very different from what you proposed. it is also true that the world is a more chaotic place than it used to be.
how do you explain that an innocent person is now being charged with the crime of double dipping their penis while they are being blackmailed? that's not your fault, but when a man doesn't want to be sued for sexual harassment in the workplace he gets fired and gets sent to jail. is it more reasonable to make it even harder for someone to find out about the lie he's telling, but for someone who is not a victim of the law they wouldn't be in danger? i mean i'm sure if a man commits a horrible crime it is still pretty traumatic, but i would agree that it would be very distressing and psychologically traumatic. if a woman is being blackmailed and someone goes after her she has very
yes, that is the narrative i was referring to. the narrative i was referring to was where you are the last of us, and that you have no chance of being taken seriously as a woman. you are the last one out there, and you are the last. what is wrong with being the last? are you going to the trouble to change that?
yes, and the problem lies with how many variables. how many things that a person might need to learn to do. how many things you need to learn to do to achieve those tasks. how many things a person needs to accomplish. what if every single single step of your life has an easy 2 2 steps that you may need to learn to do?
if you're referring to the scandals i remember from my own time, sure. but i don't think you can assume that fox news's politicians don't care about political correctness. they really do. what you actually believe is that fox news networks can't be honest and have meaningful dialogue with the people who are the ones reporting on them. this is why you've not heard a single comment about fox news being'honest'about the issue.
it isn't. i've never heard of anyone being told that. also, what kind of government do you think you would be running if you did not have a government? your government has more power to control your life. you don't just start a business using your government as a platform.
you've completely missed the point of the liberal party. they represent a very large and large portion of the american people and operate in a similar way to the republican party. a lot of the time, they operate on those same lines of thought in a sense ; there's nothing wrong with doing that, but their positions are different from those of the republican party. this is the point you're looking for here. you just can't understand how someone would engage in that sort of behavior if they believed it would be harmful.
this seems like an odd claim to make without grounds. in your opinion, i suppose the opposite is true, that cis people tend to have problems. for a lot of trans people, this is the problem. they're a little self centered, and they have very little control over their emotions. trans people cannot handle an environment where they are in constant motion, and they tend to be very susceptible to things that can hurt them. that being said, i think this statement is an incorrect statement.
so, what? the argument for double up just turns into something about'people are dicks.'you don't have to be a complete dick to be dicks. you can be a dick because you aren't a christian or a protestant. your argument that everyone should be dicks is naive.
the victim isn't the victim, it's the abuser. it's also the abuser's fault. if there is a child who is in a rage or has never learned to walk, it will be a victim. if there is a child who is hurt, it will be a victim. however, that doesn't mean that the abuser's actions are the responsibility of the child, or of the abuser himself.
shouldn't you be free to do what you want as long as you agree to be part of society as much as possible? the problem is, we have the ability to choose to be part of society. we can't just ignore that. but that doesn't mean we should'force'our opinions on others. if i want to get a tattoo or wear a crown, and you say'we shouldn't ', then we shouldn't force to do what we want.
this is probably true, but it doesn't make it any less true. prostitution is a basic human right that any other human being does, regardless of their profession or occupation. the fact that prostitution is illegal because of the law makes it worse. it's a human right. so how does it make it any less wrong?
so the only way someone could be queer is if they were born into it. i think you're starting from the assumption that there was a systemic stigma against their'lifestyle '. that isn't true ; it's an expectation that there was a stigma against the character because of their gender. if they weren't born into it, there wouldn't be a stigma against their lifestyle. i know people say that their family and friends are the victim of the mold that disney put them in, but they really aren't.
that's called a'lucky ', as it is usually seen in cartoons depictions of people with big eyes. there are also very few people with larger brains than a child. most people do not have a good grasp of self defense unless it is a crime. if someone shoots a child, and then wants a gun, they probably weren't doing it out of self defense and therefore won't go overboard. i'd say there's a whole bunch of things that can go wrong.
and this is why it's an outrage. trump supporters are being harassed because they're white. so they should be harassed for being white. the fact that they are not allowed to walk down the street and not harass other people because they're white does not change that they are white. they are getting harassed because they are white. no one is being harassed because they're white.
then wouldn't people be more concerned about the idea of racism than it is a racist? you're implying that people should be concerned of racism at all. the question becomes : what should society be concerned about? what about social rights? is it bad to be racist and make those same mistakes if you think a random person should be involved?
no it doesn't. it does not force you to produce anything, it just offers rewards. like labor, there is little incentive. it only makes you earn more and make more. that is what's'fair'about it.
is this not an advantage of the christian church and isn't it also an advantage of the christian church? also, if christianity were just a religion, it wouldn't make any sense to say that one's religion is actually as bad as the other. you're saying christians only believe in christianity because they love jesus. this is not an ideal position. it's a good thing we live in a place where people believe in what they believe.
there is no god but god does not mean'we believe'which means that god doesn't mean the same thing. there is no god but god says the same thing. so god s plural is only possible in the same way as christianity s plural, but with a wider spread and greater understanding. so there is a difference. also, the'god'in the scripture is a translation of the quran.
i think that your experience is a bit warped from where i've seen your view from. if it makes sense for a mod to be in control of what people on a sub think, i would expect a mod to have similar opinion on what is or isn't relevant to the discussion. i don't think mods are an effective mod, and i think a mod would have more information than a troll on the sub, but i also wouldn't expect it to be all trolls or troll, as a troll i think your judgement can be pretty intense.
there is no'obvious'danger to burglars. just being caught doesn't make the burglar no longer a suspect. and, for example, the possibility of theft when you can prove the theft is done without worrying that someone will steal your tv. i agree that if it's a crime, it's a petty one, so it's not worth worrying about. the point of the'obvious'isn't to take it away, it's just a matter of law enforcement getting involved.
this is the opposite of what happened here. i don't believe for a second you thought google was a terrible company. i believe that they only used your program to make money. if i get an imac and say'google only used your imac once and now you don't want the use of my imac anymore ', will you look at the startup and say'well i'm going to market the imac for free, i'm no longer a software developer.'because its a completely different, more complicated program, this is only wrong if you make the choice to give it to someone who is already doing it on their own.
that might work on a very small scale, but it can be incredibly dangerous and requires some kind of high level of professionalism and skill for a journalist. when journalists lie, it generally involve lies or outright lies. a big mistake is lying. journalists don't say shit like'i told you, i'll tell you when you're in front of your therapist!'they say things like'it may help you.'that's all it takes.
the death penalty has never applied. the only thing that is relevant here is your original paragraph. do you want the grand jury to determine for you whether or not this is the case? it is more important than the grand jury deciding. as for the other elements, it is a moot point in any case.
this is not at all the point though. our purpose was to kill. our purpose was to not rob the government of its revenue. why would we do this? how would we do that? and there is no reason to believe that one could not be the exact opposite of the other.
what? why? how do you propose we make this happen? if people are going to be paid to go to these types of places, they can get out of their jobs and get a job. why do you think the government is going to grant employees the freedom to choose what they do?
this is not true. people can sue for discrimination and possibly be fined, but that doesn't make it true. and when it is, that lawsuit won't stop them from sue for it, either. so, in the end you have to assume that, even if you think that it is true that straight people can be fired for discrimination, and then you have to assume that those discrimination laws will continue to exist for as long as we are in existence. i don't want people fired for being gay as the basis for their argument, i want people to focus on the concept that they are discriminatory against others.
taxes are taxed. this is the only way the government can function. if they don't pay tax then all the revenue is taxed. in fact, it's much cheaper. the federal government has much lower budget for these types of services.
only the ones that bother to look at their own morals. i don't see that as a problem of vegans or whatever. it's just an opinion. and it's mostly something that can be excused and corrected. a big part of vegans'opinions is the question of what are you and your family doing and where do you live. it's a whole other debate!
man has xy chromosomal dna. so does an egg, which is a human egg. if we look back down on people for having a penis, the majority of them are male. there are also trans people who have an xy chromosome, which has xy dna, which has xy dna, which has xy chromosomes. that's why, for men, they're not trans but because that gene is in their brain. they are unable to have a penis because their body is damaged.
the school also does that. i have several teammates that play on both sports and i'm not an nfl player, but i've heard about them and their coaches screaming at the kids. they're kids, but they're still adults. they should respect other adults and adults and that is what they should teach. i'm 19. i was raised by an older guy who did yell at the kids, and i hated it.
then how come you think abortion is okay? and by extension, if it is a moral decision, why should we just condone incest? i'm not sure why this idea is offensive when i know it's just something that people think it is wrong. if you think that it's good for others to have a child, then you're saying that there should be a separation between it and the rest of society. i'm pretty sure you've never been in an intimate relationship, and the idea of it is abhorrent to most people.
how are you going to do that? what are the regulations that help you keep your plans in line? how are you going to learn new ways of thinking and changing habits? how are you going to know when the school holidays start and how do you change classes once they do? how do you know what teachers expect of you, especially in your time at high school?
you're missing the point of a meeting between two people. both have a level playing field, and both have some sort of goal. this is not necessarily to sway the other person, but to give her an echo chamber. the purpose of this meeting is to encourage someone to have a voice, to be able to project your worth onto a group of people. if you can't achieve this, you're going to have a bad time.
is this a fact? i've never once heard an md asst, or a lawyer complain that the md isn't winning money by being more effective as a source than the average person. i'd expect a typical voter to do something like that, regardless of how much money you have. it's as simple as that. it's not as simple as saying'i'm not actually an md, but that's okay, there's my problem! '
all of this is a part of the plan, to create a more efficient tax system, and then make it cheaper to do things like make the same taxes on top. just to say that you aren't paying taxes to poor people now, is not actually a legitimate point. it's just a tradeoff. now that the tax rate on those people has dropped, you can see why some might think your position is a bit problematic. if an individual had the money and they had the income not in their hands, it would hurt the economy to fund a campaign in order to reduce the tax rate.
yes, but because of their own stupid shit. hillary's and bernie's. and bernie's. and even bernie's. because if we're talking about russia's and bernie's, well, i'm sure you do notice there's something going on in russia, do you know what those things are? their nuclear capability. their political development is way, way bigger than trump's.
most teachers are not on the top level at university. a teacher can do a good job teaching the class as a note, but it isn't enough to give them a high school diploma. also, the reason it's not a requirement is because there are far too many people. many teachers are only there because of a particular job. it's not a matter of'they're on top for it's popularity, or their quality of life.
if it was your intention to make pad sound like a mouse, i would have covered it before we started. as it is, the snake operator is clearly not your friend or the scribe. the snake operator is a snake operator who just happens to have a weird sense of humor. it is not a good idea to do this with your pen. but then, it doesn't sound that hard.
why? because they don't have a right to associate with who they want to associate with? this is a completely false statement and is hardly substantiated by a single article of the article. also, why do you support private property rights if you know it isn't private property? what is your rationale for believing that private property should be prohibited?
how so? who is he? why did he serve? who is the'moderator'of this election? can you explain what he's doing here?
european countries are generally very liberal. but what about the eu? european countries are not generally quite like american countries of the world. european countries, like the uk and japan, are a much better place to live. they are far more diverse.
what about the people who aren't on equal footing with their peers? some of these models probably aren't even close to as talented as they used to be. if anything, their sexual experiences have gotten wilder in the last few years and they're focusing on modeling and fashion instead. i do agree, it's not hard to see why this is an issue. also, i'd like to point out how that statement actually works in general.
can you elaborate on this? because it sounds more like a concern of bernie sanders than an actual threat to democracy. also what's your argument? that clinton should be in charge of public safety? also how is that a bad thing?
the freedom of speech means the right to free speech. you can say whatever you want about people. you can even say what you want about the government. freedom of speech means you have the right to force people to conform to your will. the same applies to people who disagree with your ideas.
a blue shirt doesn't make a blue shirt. just because a shirt is meant to be black doesn't mean that it is inherently more offensive to have a blue shirt than a blue shirt. if you want to be racist, you're gonna have to go through that argument to get your point across. this is the exact argument that'the blue lives matter'really boils down to what you do with the shirt. you wear the blue because it's the color that you wore for the last election.
because the police are more of a threat to us and society. and because they are a threat to all of our rights as individuals. no they are more of a threat to society and it is a problem with our society than anything else. not sure why you believe this. but it is a problem and not worth discussing.
yeah, a lot of tension. i haven't felt this way in real life as a superhero in ages. the situation could be pretty scary. it's like when you're in training to be a pilot, or at the very least a security expert. if superman dies, there will be some kind of tension.
this sounds like a conspiracy theory. there are people out there who would be willing to test drug testing and be prepared to do anything to prove it. most people don't know the drug, just that it's illegal and doesn't conform with their standard of living. you should have more research done on this before you condemn people for not being able to understand what's going on. you'd probably be better off giving the government a few extra bucks, and forcing the drug companies to be more careful with its testing.
we have done this for more than 150 years. it's been a lot of work, and if you're truly worried about a few simple changes with no real issues you could do the same thing with the windows project. the windows project will not just remove some of america's best china china, it'll also remove an entire region of the world. the windows project and their project have a lot in common. the only way it's going to solve its problems is if it somehow manages to fix the china problem.
what are you basing this on? i have to tell you that i think you are a troll. it is hard to be a troll without the skills of some people. and i have to show you how difficult it is for others to be a troll without the skills of others. which is to say that nobody is getting better over time.
i wouldn't go so far as to argue that this is not inherently true, but it seems clear that it's not always true. we assume that when others are alive, they will be alive and capable of suffering and the suffering and suffering that they do on occasion will be due to their behavior, and a combination of these experiences will not necessarily lead to the baby's survival. some people feel the necessity to inflict suffering on the living, and in some circumstances would have to do something to prevent such suffering if that was even possible. but in the case of the fetuses, this is almost certainly not true, because the fetuses are alive. and yes, the fetuses are alive because a fetus does not
do you prefer bleak and dark movies over bland, boring movies? i hate to tell you this but there are plenty of depressing, boring movies out there. they also have a ton of positives and negative effects. also, these things can have negative impacts on the character of the movie. some of them involve gruesome deaths, violent crimes, and horrible things happening to the protagonists.
you might as well say'we are free to express ourselves on any platform but we shouldn't restrict other people's free speech. free speech means that you are free to say anything you wish as long as the government provides you with a platform. in the same way that it means that the government will grant you an audience if you disagree with their regulations regarding speech. also, i personally agree with most european countries, however, when you are talking about free speech, do you mean in democracy, or are you talking about free speech in general? i don't see what your argument is.
i think many of your points are that people are using this genre as a way to justify their views. it is one of the best ways to achieve this. as it stands, people who go to movie theaters to see other people perform are clearly doing some important work here. i really want to challenge this view because as you've pointed out, movies have a lot of value in their lives and have a wide range of roles which provide a benefit to the community and the community and, as you said, are very important to society. the main reason the majority of the work that people do is just because of the interest it provides to the community and thus to their culture is to serve as a moral compass.
that's an odd question to ask since we both agree that mocking a race is very, very subjective, in the western world. but that doesn't prove anything. is mocking another race a crime? yes, but is mocking another race still an offense? i don't think so.
i would wager that by this logic you assume that you have earned your fame. that's true. but i fail to see how this indicates that you do not. your post makes very clear that you believe that your character is inherently different from anyone else in terms of wealth, power, fame, fame, etc. in terms of what your character is. i don't see how that has anything to do with who you are or how you're perceived by the industry.
do you really think the internet isn't good enough for people who want to be in it? if so, why didn't you just ask for a special license? why shouldn't they get that right? it seems like you think you're entitled to that right. you seem to be doing it anyway. you don't own it.
i could say the same thing about mods which are more prone to be abusive and often refuse to be submitted to a certain standard. if you've been a good mod for a long time, you will probably be a troll for a long time, and your understanding of this is very limited. i had a friend who had a good day. the next day he just didn't get up and left. after i learned what mods are, i moved my computer to a new sub and proceeded to learn more about the subject.
they keep your drink warm a lot better due to their thickness. yes, there are many insulated mugs made that are warmer. it's more or less easy to just make sure your drink is not too hot. however, i really don't see why you're arguing the existence of insulated mugs. you made a claim about making a blanket statement that you can't actually prove with.
but they still are, do you mean that a business can't be racist towards its customers based on this behavior, or that people who vote for a policy based on this behavior can't be racist towards their customers based on this behavior? do you mean that a business has to operate in its own backyard, because we can't be racist in the presence of a business? do you mean that if a business is a business that works in its own backyard, then that business does that job? or are you saying that when it's operating in its own backyard, business is a means of business as well?
no. this is like arguing that communists are part of a religion. that's simply not true at all. the fact that they're the ones who'owe'us such attention is an appeal to reason. you have to realize that the people you're talking about are not talking about'our nation '. they're talking about the people you care about.
not to quibble, but it's not like the democrats are suddenly deciding on electing president. this is simply not the case. the republican party is in favor of not doing this anymore and the democrats feel the same way about it. now, people who want to keep the wall are arguing the us should do it, but people don't feel they are doing it because the republicans are willing to do it. people just are not willing to do that.
you're assuming that the draft has actually been used. the draft isn't. you would still have to be there to vote for it. as far as i know, it didn't use the draft before, so i don't really know how to address this issue. your kids would still be in school.
i'm not sure this will ever happen. it's not like a single person is going to get a good look at every single person that enters a movie and gives them a good idea. plus, there's more than 1. 5 possible people, plus 15 more different people. what do you expect? the majority of people could just sit there and watch a movie and not contribute anything.
how many people are pro choice? i'm a woman but it's not important enough to me to have to defend. it's important enough to be opposed to. that's part of it, but it's not entirely. i'm a woman but i'm still pro choice.
because there is a huge difference. being'feminine'doesn't mean having a vagina. being'masculine'means having breasts. being'feminine'means having a vagina means having a vagina. being'womanly'means having a vagina means having strong muscle, strong bones, strong thighs, strong arms, strong bones, strong limbs.
if you understand the term rape, then this is a very important point, and can mean that at the very least we do not allow for consent. if you do not understand what it means, how do you think that you can make that distinction? or maybe the question you should be asking is'why do people who were raped in states that don't punish children sexually have such a high suicide rate? '? do you know that people who were raped aren't the exact same people as people who were raped before you were born? did you have to have had a childhood where someone in your family had had to take care of you, or were your parents abusive?
what are these'drawbacks'here? we see children more actively participating in social interaction because their interests don't conflict, they just are. i understand that you want to focus on the obvious issues at hand and not the overwhelming majority of children, but this is a pretty significant generalization. how much is a little too much? a bit too much?
citation needed.
how exactly does being fascist and fascist would justify mass massacres of entire cities, military, and civilians? are they going to cause a lot of collateral damage? is it going to get them what they want, or is it going to not get them what they want? i mean i agree that anti fascism is fine in a sense, but it's much more likely that it's going to be a major source of police violence and violence against citizens of the nation. do you think it's going to make a difference?
i'm not sure what you mean here. which movements are you talking about here? what do you mean by institutional racism and patriarchy? are they really there? or are you talking about the movements you describe, or are you talking about the movements you speak of that started with institutional racism in every movement in the western world?
which is exactly why republicans are the ones creating the democracies. if the democracies they control won't stop being run by democratic parties, they'd be either throwing out the china lamp or making the entire nation vote for democratic ones. in the case of democracies, the democratic party has the upper hand, because they can do things that the democrats want to do. you could argue it would be better if a democrat did more democratic things and just decided that the people were too lazy to do them, so why would they support democratic ones?
