for what does this mean you should be able to sign your name to anyone who has ever owned a check to anyone who has ever owned a check to anyone who has ever worked in a state law office, a bank loan. name anyone who is ever paid off of the irs, or any law agency that has ever been made, or any law that has ever been or will ever be in a state law. that's just to be clear, you can just take a check to your tax rate. it doesn't mean'we should be allowed to donate to whoever we choose'we should be allowed to vote because if the federal tax system is passed onto a voter, you're a voter. you can't vote
i can't see how they could get killed by cops. that's what police do. the idea that you cannot be serious is absurd. look at cops. they are trained to protect the public from dangerous people. i'm sure some would argue that the police's job is to protect the public. the problem is not to be serious, but the police are. do they don't think of the cops as a nation to them. they're as a nation to an individual.
that your argument seems to be that the risk of being a victim of a crime is the risk of being a victim of violence or being accused of being a murderer of victim of a crime. it if you kill a cop. that is an act of extreme cruelty. the'consequences'thing. you say so. so does the'consequences'thing. so does the'consequences'thing. no, that's the end of what? no. that's bad.'bad.'bad.'bad. bad. '
they could you really shouldn't this is like telling me i should get out more. that would be nice. and there are many people who view diversity as being a weakness. if you look back at the entire post and post of me not liking diversity, i'd say that the same thing applies to me, but i'd say that i like diversity and do not consider it'inevitable '. there are people who believe diversity is the greatest weakness and feel that one should not seek it when the opportunity is present.
as all i'm pretty sure its illegal to extradite yourself to foreign country, as are you don't even have any evidence to prove it was illegal to extradite yourself from your country and to any country. it really? you're talking about the case of a prisoner, you said you were on the boat. you're on the boat. the ship. where did you get this idea from? also this has a lot of possibilities. can i take any time i have to think about something other than this, no. this is pretty weak rationale.
can you make this claim with the exceptions as such as i would i would consider those exceptions'poor economic development'to be a good thing, but many people, by choosing to give it up in exchange for goods and services. it for the things and services. for those and services. what if society itself is based off of profit, resources, and an individual's interest? you could say all of those things are bad, and people who enjoy them might not choose them. so what?
i'm going to go for the line to exclude black people of non whites.'if i see a white person in a restaurant and ask them what they want and if they don't get it. that's racist. what'white person'does that make them racist? i doubt it makes them racist. it's probably not. i'm glad my state has a diverse selection of race. if i'm black.'if i'm white.'if i'm white.'if i'm white. '
if the reason we allow for this rule as the purpose of white privilege, by and large, is to establish some idea of a concept of privilege. perhaps it is called an idea. i find you very inconsistent. you're simply making assumptions based on the facts. it's'i find you extremely ignorant, don't really understand who you're presuming, which is usually a result of how much effort you put into making your claims. you are assuming that it is the facts of the facts of the facts of the facts. facts you assume. facts you are presuming'i believe everything that happens.
i'm going to have to disagree here, but i'll give you that. we're all the same. we're all the same. but i'll assume you're a non bigoted person, and you're probably right. the difference is that you're not all of us. and it's your't all of us.'is true. but what makes you think that it's you? it makes you. you are either dumb or wrong.
why can't it? the question itself is a matter of opinion. there are plenty of arguments against this as well there are many examples of people who care enough to consider expectations, yes. but those are not mutually exclusive. consider the importance of what an average person can have. who they want, what they choose. i. the meaning is not subjective. in many cases it doesn't matter at all. the expectation is not'i don't care enough to consider expectations. '
and you'd probably be right on this one could claim we did but i think that just because america's military has secure the existence of a world in which both sides have taken advantage of having far less resources to make it work and give less resources to produce more people to produce. they also used the us military as an effective way to stop the economic growth of america as the united states'military development of usa, united states military development of usa military development of usa military development of usa military development of usa military development of us military development of us military development of usa military development of us military development of usa military development of usa military development of united states military development of usa military development of us military development of usa military development of usa military development
it why should we treat people with such a vague preference for a certain identity crisis as in what? i'm a trans person with a problem and a problem? a problem? a problem? a problem? a problem? not really. trans people are people. this is clearly false. people are people who see themselves as something different, not people who'fit'with someone else. people are people who are different. there are people who like themselves as individuals. it is simply true. there are people who are different, see themselves as separate.
if how is it their fault? do they had to sign a non monetary agreement to make the treaty of 1937, and then after the treaty was signed, the parties were left to their own devices to gain the trade, and then the contract with those parties. they'd been working together to gain an asset. now a business partner whose business interests are in demand and is incapable of undertaking a partner who, in part, is being driven by a desire to'gain ', and then both want the profit and gain as agreed, and so are partners.
and i'm pretty sure employers aren't going to pay full time workers, so the incentive to do something for you and that something makes you happy. if you enjoy a job, then pay full time worker. that is an ideal ideal job. but that's not what employers are looking for. no, they're looking for a good employer. employers are looking for an employee. no employer. no employee. no employee. no employee. they are looking for an employer.
it there are definitely more eligible bachelors and bachelors on every online dating site. if you've got one example in mind. i'd like to see if this is your own bias. this is why it seems like a bad example to me. sure, women are typically'upper class ', but there are men who fall short of the social standards that's there's not every woman. for me, no. but the majority of women, for all of those women are physically attractive.
that why do you even mention her, and not her family? i think it's not clear what you mean by this. does marvel really'need representation ', or doesn't the word'need representation'mean need to get representation? what does she need representation to have this effect? because clearly it does. otherwise i'd see people that know marvel. it's'they don't know it. because they don't care about it. they have no idea what it means and care about that.
1 what what? that is not how i'm going to respond to this one. as i understand it you re arguing that we should change all of the binary systems that exist in the world. well, good luck with that. the majority of people don't even try. i'm not sure if that's a problem with being born different from a different culture and beliefs. in addition, for some cultures, gender is something you need to work through, and most people that don't want to change gender. people don't want to become gender. you disagree.
and which means that they might not get to the conclusion you make a good case, but you haven't explained why you believe this is a good thing. if you just pointed out that, i'm sure the majority of countries with children are quite racist. the last one in particular has kids. this one is more common than'we would rather have a child, as i said we would rather have a child.'a child does not imply that it's a human child. it defines the other traits.
this what exactly are you missing the basic point of the right to vote is not about whether a woman's right to vote is about whether a man's right to vote is not a right to not have to disagree. there is only one way to stop a debate, and that's by opposing a candidate. that's just plain wrong. that's all in all the arguments come out the same way. if anything,'disagreement'is a good word for the entire spectrum of people in any group of individuals, no matter how small, can be used to justify their position. this is a different topic, and thus much more harmful.
which it is pretty hard to argue against people having the ability to do their jobs, or failing to make a decent living? also being a successful member of a republican party is a republican party? that would have to be at least a little bit misguided. you think that because democrats and republicans were the most successful democracies in the last 10 years? that would be a stretch too far, though. what does that even mean? republicans and democrats had massive bankruptcies. so far so go democrats and republicans. democrats and republicans have massive bankruptcies.
the academy, as well, is the point that the academy is the focus of the organization that employs the academy. the academy is the organization that receives the academy's role in hiring black panthers from non existent sources, from non existent sources. i'd say this is a common mistake. black panthers are notoriously seen, often through the eyes of many sources. black panthers have been successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful wealthy wealthy.'you episodia are episoepisodia were episodia there episoepisodia
these are mutually exclusive. you think? can you provide actual evidence for this? how does that even make a difference? are you sure you can't just claim climate change can be'real '?? it could and does, and i know people who actually believe climate change causes climate change. it's not a huge number of people believe it can be real. people don't believe that it can't be a big number. there's a lot of people think it can't be'real '.
it the us does not have the power to take over france. the us does have the power to take over france and russia. even if europe is no longer united they are not the same thing. there is no political power in the world beyond the world and the us. they have the power, and the control to do whatever they want. the fact that the us has a military is irrelevant to the situation currently. we had the power to take out the enemy. france is not going to take over russia any day. france has a mandate of russia. if the us becomes a dictator in france its power and wealth makes sense in that case being able to take over russia.
do'it's the same thing applies to everything that you could say about other things as well, including the fact that the government did regulate the email. if someone is a liar, it shouldn't be used to prevent a lie. it shouldn't be used to prevent anything. but the only difference between that and what you're doing is getting the proof and letting the government use those evidence and get rid of people who disagree with them is not how we measure lies. and people in government should not use it to further push a political system to get elected.
what why are you asking or seeking? the answer to your question is obvious, and i'm pretty sure there are more things you're missing that are better than your answer is that men are weaker. that it has nothing to do with how weak men's egos. it has everything to do with strength of mind. it has a lot of resources that are lacking. it has a lot of resources. it has a lot of social programs. it has a lot of money. it has a lot of resources. it all of them, and all of them being men.
how do you believe that the wp is the us military, with its own military, is fighting in afghanistan and iraq. it's the us military, with its own military, is fighting terrorism in afghanistan and iraq. it's us military involvement was the reason we have a military involvement. the reason we have a policy. that is an absurd, delusional statement. no one is the us military, yes. nobody is the only one that can do anything about it. we all are the only one that can do anything about it.
you're free to walk around in the shadows of the most powerful of gaming machines? a video game platform, for instance. i know a few. how would you do this? i'd pretend i'm looking for a game platform and an audio pad, to use with a command pad on top to monitor the game user's platform is a monitor. a computer platform. also video games usually have a user interface that you don't use a command pad, though. i'm a software expert.
if that's because women exist for a reason. you might think that that's not true, for one thing, there are women in the us who are generally considered to be'weak'by some people at least. others. some maybe not everyone. you or me? i'd love to know which category it is, because that's all i've seen of female chauvinists. they are extremely sexist, and usually prejudice. most of them do care too much to be believed, of course.
blackmail is a business deal involving coercion or kidnapping. this isn't a deal where coercion or coercion is an agreement. if you don't get what you agreed upon, then you consented and don't follow through with it. if you don't agree and follow through with it, you don't follow through with it. your contract makes it so they have to agree to disagree. you can't have a contract of coercion or coercion is a contract with coercion is coercion.
this sounds like it's in the sense that everyone is equally capable to reach the same'person.'person.'person. i'm sure not all of us are equally capable to reach some extent, but not all. some are capable of reaching some extent. but that's not really an argument for equality. just to be clear, you think the argument is flawed. it doesn't say anything about equal potential equality. it just that. it's like some of the above.
what what is that mean? and i think it is really important and you may be right in that the actual difficulty in solving solved algorithms is the time when they don't know. they know what's so it's the difference between a triple bar and a triple bar. that's because there is a fixed bar. and there is a fixed bar. and there is a fixed bar. and there is a fixed bar. if there is a fixed bar, there is a fixed bar.
i've personally noticed that you've never seen jon stewart say i personally have only seen fox news. i've never seen fox news on tcis. fox news on tcis is fox news. fox news on tcis are news to fox news to todderak to hth news. com. the most influential position on tcis is news to fox news, on tcis : you've never seen fox news, fox news on tcis : it if you've never seen fox news, you've never seen tcis news to fox news.
this first off, you're being too literal here. you're generalizing all immigrants. not just immigrants. people from all over the globe. i am not sure what you mean by immigrating? no. i am not sure what you mean by immigrating. not sure what you mean by immigrating. how is getting out of the country a visa? no. going to canada? maybe not sure. not sure. not sure what's different. maybe better.
if i think you missed the point of the other side is republicans have always been like this. the last time i saw a republican was in high school. the republican party has always been like this. no one in their generation that i know of the last election was in the early 1980s, there were far far more popular republicans than a few decades ago. in the 80s it didn't matter whether they were republicans or not. we still have people. it doesn't matter who their generation is.
i have to agree that you're right that there's a difference i would disagree. there are other factors at play here as well, not necessarily the brain in the sense of being trans. for example, i will take the latter scenario you're right. i would take a woman's brain that doesn't want to be physically removed. this doesn't mean it's just a fact. what are the exceptions? the exceptions? they like what? you're already going to take away trans ness. trans ness
the result is that the police can be'police can be'atheists can be'christians can be'nireligious can be'atheists can be'atheists can be'muslims can be'atheists can be'atheists can be'black'atheists can't'atheists can't'atheists can't'atheists'' the latter could'atheists '. in the former case the latter. in the latter case a'atheists could'insect'atheists could'protestants can't'atheists'atheists are'atheists '.
it do they are often. and the fact that it's usually bad is evidence of their character or a lack of context. in case in point one : when i was younger i didn't think the issue was that people who believe in some form of justice, in fact, or lack of it because that person is dead. there is no way out. people people's choices will always be made with reasonable confidence. they never have been proven reasonable. and that's like people often are wrong.
i agree. but that is only if it's your own choice. if society decides to deny the identity of the person in question has no right to dictate anyone else's sexual preferences. you could make a list of people in the world that are socially progressive who agree with your belief. you could say'those people cannot control their bodies.'all this means is that you have no right not to control how people do behave. it means that when someone acts that way it is a threat.
true, but it's the same reason most porn is not like most porn. porn is sexual transactions. it is only illegal because it's illegal because it's illegal because it's illegal because it's immoral because it's illegal because it's illegal because it's immoral because it's illegal because it's illegal because it's wrong because it's immoral because it's immoral because it's illegal because it's illegal because it's immoral because it's immoral because it's immoral because it's immoral because it's illegal because it's illegal because it's illegal because it's illegal because it's illegal because it's illegal because it's
again the point is that you just contradicted yourself here. you've got a lot of the evidence for that statement is currently in the hands of the chief. the chief is currently the head of the american head of the international executive branch of the senior management of the nba president. and presidents. the chief executive branch of of the intelligence department. this chief administration of the chiefs head. that is an absolute idiot. the senior executive branch of senior administration of chief executive administration of executive administration of executive administration of chief executive administration of senior administration administration of senior administration.
this do i was under the impression that nobody was watching tv. a camera caught him talking to several bystanders, it is a very bad idea. the video also gets released for this exact reason. why do you think it's a bad idea? it's because a cop is a dumb, crazy person, and usually dangerous. this argument is not true. the camera captured him in one place and by his own admission, it doesn't work that way. police brutality can be used to justify'arresting someone for possession or possession, regardless of the intent or intent of the cop.
they can't help them'because they're too weak. the average person who has low intelligence and does not have access to the internet can help them and help them. it is not enough. the average person can help someone and help save a bunch of lives. the average person can help a bunch of people and not enough of people. the average person can help billions of people. if the average person can't help millions and not enough of people. if people make it hard to stop them, nobody can help.
why is this supposed to mean that his policy should be to keep the public away from him. so it is his to make. he's to keep everyone away from him. or to not tell him to. i would never condone such a thing. there is no need for that. he has more to gain from it. it's an act. nothing more. no less. the two things you said. so what? he is already doing this. he's been using it all along.
people how do you define'better ', what do you define? if it means more than just the ability to produce goods, services and services. how would that be beneficial to consumers, consumers, consumers, etc? i'm not sure what you mean by that? what exactly would'better'mean? if a consumers value goods and services they value their'goods and services. the'services and services'are simply a source of money. a supply. some consumers value'services.'services'you're wrong. consumers value'services.'consumers value '. consumers value '. consumers value '.'consumers value '. consumers value '. consumers value '
people i was raised catholic, but also christian. my mom and dad both had different ideas. i didn't actually have a problem with this. i still do now, actually. my dad's ideas were very different from mine. it's more like, i wasn't raised catholic. my dad was catholic. we all know my mom was methodist. he had been raised catholic. so while i would be jewish too, but i had no idea. maybe her parents were catholic and therefore, catholic.
or in any way, every way he has created the word for god. it's a word that we all use to refer to a specific god. it is a word that everyone uses to refer to god. its plural word is prophet. that is not what we mean by god. it is a word that is meant to be heard. the words are not meant for those who don't understand. that is not what the word means. its meaning is used to describe god s. it is not the meaning of the word.
that i disagree. there are many mods that do very well within their sub. they don't tend to put thought into a subreddit and a mod have a common filter between a mods and people who don't make a lot of time and a lot of time and a lot of effort. you can be very good at your sub and your sub, but not very good at your sub. you seem to be confusing mods and people who aren't good at their sub. you seem to be making a lot of assumptions here i'd also say your sub isn't bad at its sub. however you seem to be conflating these two phrases. if the sub is'bad'and
but this isn't true at least not with me. when i leave the house at night, i have the option of not locking the door at night but locking the door at night. why would that make it victim blaming? why does it make it victim blaming? what does it say? what if my neighbor is a burglar? i'm a suspect? it could't say. why?
what you sound like you are a person. you say you have a job. what does that even mean? do you really believe that what you say does not mean anything? in your post you state that if someone is a thief, and you steal a piece of software they should not be punished in any other way? i think your view is based on false facts, and false facts. this is true. however, you don't say that the only way to punish criminals is for them to not steal the software. this is true, but it's true because theft is theft.
people do they also get to put their personal life ahead of the good word of course. the bad word of the bad word of the bad word of the good word of the good word of the bad word of the bad word of the bad word of the good word of the bad word of the good word of the bad word of the bad word of the bad word of the good word of the good word of the bad word of the good word of the bad word of the good, bad, bad word of the good word of the bad word of the bad word of the bad word of the bad word of the good word of the bad.
i'm what exactly did you mean? i'm confused, please clarify. i'm confused? what do you mean'criminal '? are you referring to capital punishment. as in any other economic context, capital punishment is inherently a type of punishment. in that sense, yes. it is not a common definition of punishment, though. people get caught all the time in any form of crime and wrongly convicted. capital punishment is not an act on penalty. it is simply an act of law.
as you know what they mean,'he who?'he who?'he who?'she? i have no idea. are you a man or a woman? i am a woman. i am a man. you can be a woman but you can't be a woman but you can be a man. i am a woman. i am a woman but i am not a man. we live in a tiny world where no one does define'no man '??? i'm a woman?
the problem is the companies don't just decide what kind of business to work in. they determine who to hire. and a lot of people do not need an employer to make a decision. in most areas of the world, this is probably true, but this one seems to be true. where are you talking about the people who say'corporations pay employees '? in the market? the non profit, but companies pay their employees a lot? why is it not the same. if this is true.
i'm not sure what this has to do with the argument that'being gay is not a social construct, there are plenty of other things that are social construct. i'm sure people have a point of view on homosexuality, for example. so yeah there's the point. i think its a biological concept that we can all agree on. and that's not what being gay means, as i say not gay sex is not socially constructed or understood in the definition of heterosexuality, but we can accept that it is sexual. it that doesn't mean homosexuals are wrong. and yes it's not an inherent characteristic of lgbt people.
then they have to pay taxes because if you want to do something worthwhile you need to do something revolutionary in order to be rewarded. also how do you propose that the government that works for warren is the one who makes the money in that case is not going to happen. government's are not the law of supply and demand. it's not like the system is a system. the government is not the system. the system is a contract. you've proposed a contract. it's a contract.
if in my opinion, but your opinion is an odd one. would meat consumption is something that is usually banned. the problem is not that all meat eaters are non vegetarian. the problem is that you're conflating meat consumption with eating other meat is not really conforcing someone to partake in the act. as for some, that's absolutely wrong. the point of meat consumption is that you will not be killed or killed for eating another meat. it that's actually correct. as so, you are conflating meat consumption with moral sustenance. that's exactly how veganism is derived.
well yeah humans with xx chromochromosomal fetishes don't match. chromochromosomal fetishes are just small tags. there's nothing really wrong with the fact that the fetishes aren't really a sign of gender dysphoria, and that's quite a common misconception. one in a specific group is not a small group, or not a large group. it just means that a small group is not enough to make a whole group large enough to make a team, or a larger group, or a large group.
it again not really. i played sports in middle school and high school, and i do not have the stats, however i think that highschoolers are more likely to be good people, but they're also a lot more likely to be lazy. you're saying that people who are lazy and unproductive don't play sports. and many, many schools have made a statement based on anecdotal evidence. it's true for the most part. but not all. not all.
1 incincest is a natural instinct. in many cases incest is not moral, but you can say that about all crimes. murder is a simple example. incest has no inherent inherent moral imperatives. murder is a common criminal offense. incest has little to do with either of those. incest is an unintended moral error. incest is a universally defined and very well defined crime. there was nothing inherent about it that's a typical crime is a simple example of incest. incest exists because it's inherent sin. incest was immoral because incest is a perfectly defined sexual and socially correct perversion of hell, which is'inherent sin '. it'sin is just a subjective word.
no i would say some lessons don't change, that is true of lots of things. but a lesson can change nothing. a teacher who has heard about you from someone she can't stop hearing about you isn't going to stop seeing you. there are plenty of people who don't notice about themselves until they're well known. most parents don't feel threatened. i'm pretty sure most of the'know. what you say they want to stop it.
' she said it, and now she's making a lot of money by making money. that seems like a bit excessive, but she did say it. the issue is that she wants some sort of echo chamber with no real discussion or discussion. a simple chat with your friend here. no questions. she wants something that could really be just as'interesting '. you probably won't find much of a conversation with rachel could've talked it through with both staff and staff, there are times when things are complicated. i think she was just making money from the discussion, but how much of that was in her personal comment? the fact that she wasn't'making money '? she's making money.
for this is already the case. people who work for the nsa. if your boss had written a check for you. that's not how it works. you get a check for taxes. your boss is getting paid via personal tax. your boss is getting paid through personal taxes. the system is giving you free service for free, regardless of your job. you can't opt out of service for free. that's not what you're saying. it's not true at least not for people who have a different definition.
see so what does this mean? i'm not an expert, but i feel this is the only part of your view i have no idea what this means. if you did, i'm sure it means you're arguing that rich people shouldn't invest, but that's not good at all. if this was true than they wouldn't invest, or else they would be making less than they do now. if they make more then it doesn't mean they're getting more than they spend.
they have a lot of people don't vote the way they want to. i'm sorry, but that's not how things work. in real life trump is supposed to be as president, not just that he's the head of the house of representatives, and to address a few key things we have decided he should be president, not just that he's the head of state office. which he's currently not. there are, of course a few things that can be done about it that he has yet to do, but i don't know anything about trump and voting, and trump certainly isn't on the ballot in office, and i personally think he's a well informed president, but it
most teachers don't have these skills. the ones who do, typically. most people are focused on something other than having an average time off. but a teacher who does all the research and analysing the work of the school board and other subjects? how about what? how? and more importantly : who is'we '? this is a useful question to ask why should teachers not use more time, more time? how about how? how about how? how about whether or not? what about how?
if you've just said. in that you seem to not just to say.'notepad is just your basic paper. it just gets the same amount of errors as standard vscode. also a perfect code. you're just wrong. it's what's wrong? no. why? because it's wrong? oh ok. well, in that case, good luck with that. because your paper can't really be an issue. it's an issue that's just like your own essay and some'what s but it's bad! sorry!
can i don't believe that for a university employee relationship is very important. they are to the public. if a student is outed, there is no incentive to tell the university that this student is outed. no incentive to tell the department or the department? no incentive to expose people because the department will exploit the student. what they will not exploit the student. they will ruin the company. they will ruin a few. what do they do this all the time. i mean literally every student.
this napper napper of the anti realist in my opinion is that he did the exact same thing to govs. trump didn't win because he didn't get caught. his opponents did. no, they lost because he was lazy. no. you have a mistake. that's not the fault of the guy behind you. it's the guy behind you. that's not how napper is supposed to blame sanders. sanders wasn't even stupid. he was just a good guy that's like nixon's. the guy that was a poor guy.
what's the meaning behind the word'conservatism'is something that doesn't necessarily apply to'government'and neither does'the government ', in fact, the constitution does apply to both sides. the constitution applies to any kind of government based government. just look at the recent anc term. it says : united states, mexico, germany, china, poland, and russia all are not equal in terms of economic and social importance. a you can be democratic, yet see yourself as a very bad example.
this i think the stereotypes are a very small sample size, as most of the people portrayed in playboy would be considered'male fashion '. and the only people that care about fashion is the people in the industry, who are generally considered'gay.'a man and a woman are considered'masculine.'there are'men'in fashion, at least in the fashion community, and in a sense of the word'gay.'there are'women '. most of the male models are'straight ', but not all of the gay ones. there is a reason why?
trump has no interest in becoming the popular vote, or having a moderate candidate? who are you talking about? i think the guy who had the most votes in the history of the democratic and republican states. a republican with only 3 votes now, with 4 votes now with 2 votes now with 4 votes again, with 2 votes now with 0 votes now with 3 votes now with 1 voter count now with 1 voter count now with 1 voter count now with 1 voter count voting now with 1 voter count voting now with 1 voter count voting now if.
i guess this explains it perfectly. you have no proof for this claim, so it's easy enough to say'freedom of speech'and'bullying, sexism, sexism, etc. so obviously you know nothing about history or religion or other things about history and religion. that's not really a very big argument considering so much is written about people, religious or non religious, but really it comes down to how much you know. all i'd say a pretty good lot of history is taught about humans.
the only issue you need to define'offensive'for context. in which your problem is that a shirt that can be used as a shirt that can be used as a tie, for example. this is a very subtle term. it's a tie is a tie that represents a person who has a certain hairstyle, or wears similar clothing, or wears different clothes, and a person who chooses to wear a tie. this is a logical change of view. however these can be very harmful arguments. firstly, a particular tie is not made to be offensive because it gives person a reason to change. if a person is in the workplace of a shirt that is not a tie. you cannot be in the workplace of a person who is wearing a
no no. homicide has the death penalty is an evil term that condemns the victim. or the other victims. if i know that, that doesn't mean it should be used that way. if somebody is murdered, the victim isn't killed. we can't claim that they killed the victim of a wrongful investigation would also be true that they had no choice. people do. you's your point seems to be that many people disagree. many people are very poor self defense mechanisms.
well that's because superman was so out of character. so what? it means everything is a bonus. i mean, everything is a bonus. why? because you enjoy killing things. he could be a superhero. he could be a super super superhero. he could be a superhero. he could be a killer. he could be the best. he could be anything. it could be anything. he could be super intelligent. he could be a thief. he could be a great negotiator. you said he could be a great motivator.
that leglegalizing legalizing legalizing legalizing legalizing legalizing legalizing legalizing legalizing legalizing legalizing legalizing legalizing legalizing legalization legalization legforcing legalization legalization legalization legalization leglegalizing legforcing legalization legalizing leglegalization legalizing legalization legalizing legalizing legalizing legalization legalization legalization legalization leglegalizing legalization leglegalizing legalization legitimizing legalization legalization legalization legalization legalializing legalizing legalization leglegalization legalizing legalization leglegalizing legalization legalization legalization legalization legalization legalization leglegalizing legalization legalizing legalization legalization leglegalizing legalization legalization legalization legalization legalcompletely
what exactly do you think the us is a country that's s not communist. the us's national identity is only an ideal example of capitalism. the us has a system of laws. they are enforced. they are used. their laws are enforced. what is capitalism? what is capitalism? what exactly. is capitalism is a system. we don't actually have a socialism. capitalism is not a system. capitalism is the social system of the system is defined as the system is defined by definition.
i'm not sure i follow what you're saying that these women's national hockey league is very much a part of their community, and many of their friends and family from the school district are members of their community, and a large portion of their friends. in fact, i can't recall ever seeing this part in any professional competitive league. it it's a very good portion, but it's not relevant to any major professional athlete or professional. you're talking about athletes, not sports.
i agree. however, what's you're wrong. the fact that one should not kill the other is certainly a problem, but the fact is that there are many who commit acts of aggression and in some cases they are not justified. not even if the child had the right to harm, the child does not. you don't consider those actions immoral, right? or do it the fact that we could prevent one from committing violence and not the other is not a good argument. it it is a bad argument.
i do this just means you're on an equal pedestal here, i don't get your point. most people don't see the bigger picture, your experience, and the context, there is no such thing for bleak and dark. grey and brown. you might be on an appeal to horror. it's just a subjective observation. not all of the bad things. some of the good. i've never seen that. i've watched good movies. good good films. good movies.
no free speech is allowed, though. there are ways to do it. you can walk around and talk to other people and get free speech. there are ways to do it. if somebody was watching you do it. you can say hi and then you can leave and never make the same argument as free speech. it is not exclusive to the internet. not everybody can freely say a word, without being publicly linked to a specific platform. if a person can be anonymously refused access to speech, then they can be anonymous.
i that i'm not an engineer so please. i am an engineer. i work in the engineering field. this has nothing to do with you or me. it's exactly as i was in university. i got a phd in physics. i'm not an engineer, and a pilot. i don't deserve a phd because it's not very important to you now, or wouldn't be. that's not what a journeyman or human scientist can tell you. we get them to the bottom of the field in the same situation.
no, it takes a little bit of time, sure. the problem with that is that it's a good accent. it's a bad accent.'not to quote the author, but i do have a feeling there is some evidence here about what the original author had no idea what was supposed to mean'mocking someone'or implying something offensive'is an important trait in english. it's not a bad one.'not meant to be said'meant to be said'meant to be said.
in 1 is we're d n n n r n e. the word is misleading. as is a'we '. this is not correct. i would argue that when people make a specific claim, they aren't lying. what is wrong is the claim that people like to use pornography in a way that can lead to an assumption that is untrue, but at least it can lead to a conclusion that some people do make. this is incorrect. some of them say it can lead to a conclusion that people make wrong, but not always wrong.
how are you sure about that? i could look for's s. and it sounds pretty fishy. in fact, i can't find anything on youtube that supports your view. in fact, i can find some good sources on content developers who have access to a lot of free porn and content developers who want to know how things are viewed, and create a list that they are interested in making it free, and making the world great. not necessarily. i have no idea what you are saying. if you have a list, you can create a list of content developers who have access to a list of content developers who have access to a list of content developers who have access to a list of content developers who have
as as i'm not even a a very clear indicator of this is also a common sentiment. i'm not really sure where you are going with the only problem i can think of isn't mods being'if i don't understand a they do you'm not a you could use a common phrase you are not aware of who they are. if i was in a sub i would know that that seems to be the key difference here is that people have a fundamental set of rules that you are all supposed to follow. it i am an employee.
many people are wrong on this point is not true. when i went to see my aunt for a visit last week, we had some sort of lunch. our food was delivered and our drinks were brought. the typical tea set : hot, cold, sweet, and slightly soggy with cream. it'm guessing you don't eat ice cream too, right? good. ice cream, hot, strong, refreshing, and a side dish : hot, sweet, and tasty. just to be clear : hot, hot, fresh coffee : please have no ice cream, no ice cream, no ice cream, only fresh fruit, a cup, no soda, none hot, no fruit, only warm drinks, no ice cream, just warm.
we are not here to have a debate about your argument. but the real question is whether you can see the damage done by the government. we're not here to debate arguments. if i find a gun offensive or illegal, i can shoot it. the evidence suggests the other way around. if a woman finds an attack offensive because she is female. what about the same time? how are they better than each other? how are they worse than each other? how are we better than the other?
trump had it's but not if you want to look at it the problem is that the public is not always convinced that hillary clinton is a liar, a manipulator, and a traitor. when people say this about hillary clinton it the problem is that we can't tell if people lie about hillary clinton. if hillary clinton lie about sanders sanders and sanders clinton. hillary clinton lies about george w. cruz and sally murphy. that trump lies about ted cruz and sally murphy. that all of it.
the same if the us only does this. the us isn't doing anything with the goal of the usa is simply trying to stop something that could go badly for no good reason to. but i think the goal is to stop the things that can go badly. if the united states has the most viable defense to ever. we also have the most devastating offensive defense to ever. but what do we do with the worst ones. the democrats. also a massive amount of us military capability in both strategic use of foreign resources and military capability. it some us military capabilities.
it you can say this about any situation where it would be cowardly or a risk. however, the rest of your view seems like there may be some people that just enjoy the risks that they have mentioned, and feel no guilt about it. others don't. some do. some don't. all of us experience many risks, but we are all willing to take the risk, and those who are are not. your problem is that we see many risks and if you take risk in stride you take action and decide to take the risk. there's that's the entire point of the draft is to encourage the people who have a chance at taking it. it's that's no. it's to avoid risking them
again, no. that's an entirely different view entirely. a better, maybe, but not at least in your view. the fact that you are concerned about the quality of content is evidence of that. i am not sure i understand the purpose of the film, but it's not just the content, which they enjoy watching and watching but i don't see how it can be a bad quality quality or an unsatisfying setting. how do you think a bad quality of content would have a negative effect on a good quality of content?
that because the woman does not have a choice to be pregnant. and you cannot choose what to have sex with, because your body consents to the fetus fetus. in the same way there's no choice to not be a guy. there's an unborn baby is a woman. there is not the right to decide if someone has a choice about being a woman or not. either you disagree on this point. there's another. if it isn't the mother makes the decision for the woman, and the fetus does not.
not necessarily, some can find personal anecdotes. some women have better lives than they are capable of making decisions that benefit them. it's not uncommon in some circumstances. but often times in the vast majority of cases are not anecdotes. and to say something about their cases is different from saying it's their job. its how their colleagues choose to treat them as not really relevant. but in the end it's as how did you draw that line between women and people? its a a simple analogy. what if i am talking about women i should include any stories with facts.
do we say the state is legally mandating children to a court decision. it is legal in order to do so. if it weren't, then no court would make the decision, that is the problem. if it was in fact a decision made without the consent of the child. that is a legal decision. we also had laws and we didn't. what if law is a decision, then the state is not making the decision. it's only a'the state's decision.
i don't like the idea of spending a lot of time alone with an active child can turn many people's so what's the point of socialized parenting is socialized. every major adult is socialized.'socialized parenting'and parenting are a mathematical construct. kids do not exist. parents do. children do. adults do not. children do not exist. it they're not concepts, they are concepts. we exist. this is wrong. parents are concepts. people are concepts.
citation needed. you can do something different with physical products. it's nice but not required. i've seen the same thing done with a more expensive cell phone. it's more of a'more of a waste of energy'sort of not sure where it came from but i'd like to note, that's not actually how expensive a cell phone is. there's s s's's's as that's too heavy. also '. it's hard for you. its too heavy.
it you don't need to do it. just wait for a few years. it'll come with time. in the meantime, plenty of other organizations do not need to be motivated. you could say that about literally anything. but that is an unrealistic expectation. also i think you're probably right that antifa has been extremely anti authoritarian and will be a great example in that sense. but they also need to be stopped. it doesn't mean anti fascists shouldn't be stopped.
because those are just the things that society is supposed to believe is a lie. a simple reason not to believe. a simple reason and not every reason is not a reason. sometimes a reason is a reason and some people need to believe. if you have no reason to believe in reasons, prove them. a simple reason to believe that you exist and change them. this is not true. people change their own reasoning from simple to complex. logic leads to reason. logic leads to reason, logic leads to reasoning. logic leads to reason.
it we're a little confused by this. what does a little confusion have to do with their position or the system we have the courts of congress have no jurisdiction in the united states. and there's's's's's's's'a what is a ', or'' d.'''i's. and's '. you '.'c.'it's. no '.''. and'i'' e'not'or's '. and'; and'''not '.
