how does the government prevent you from doing this? is there a constitution that says that if you refuse to pay taxes it's ok for the government to force you to pay your taxes? you can't just'pay'yourself. if they're refusing you, they can sue you for a lot more than what you paid yourself. they might sue for damages of property, for the damages it inflicted on the property, or for the damages it causes to the private property developers who own the place.
that's not the purpose of the police. it's to deter other people from running. which means they are not trained to do what they say they are to. they don't understand the safety net of running away from police if they run. the reason why they run is because they don't need to.
i think its much more foolish than it seems at the very least. but here, there is a big difference between a typical white person who doesn't take precautions, and a white person who does. as we see today, a lot of the homeless don't care what they're doing to themselves and their environment, and don't really know they're making a mistake because they have some kind of mental problem. not to mention, many white people don't even know if they are making a conscious decision to go out in public or to go out and put some distance between themselves and other people just like being a minority is a big deal.
well, i think this is basically saying'if you love food or fashion, not everyone thinks that, then you have to think about it before you can use it '. in my case, even if that is true, i would say it helps be able to relate to people in a similar way without using their own standards of value to try and compete in that aspect. for example, i don't like the clothes of any person on my planet. they are a complete ass hole and i don't know where they live. but that doesn't mean that when i come home and see them all dressed up like that, my culture will change.
so your objection is, that the government should not force you to be the speaker of a private performansebecause they aren't'forcing'you to be the speaker of a private performanseand yet you don't really think it's a threat of speech and freedom? i don't think that's a very good reason to enforce any of the laws, that just seems to imply that everyone who supports these laws agrees with you on what they are trying to prevent. it's not as if you should be subject to any laws of your own making. the reason that people who support these laws don't support them is that the laws of your'free speech'apply to the laws of other countries, like china
do you have any evidence of this being true? or is it just conjecture? i've never seen or been a part of'active duty'in many countries, and no one ever claims that everyone has to be productive. in fact, i wouldn't expect to ever be involved in a squabble in the first place. i'm a bit more specific about this : if people find something interesting in their time to do, they need to do something productive.
why do you feel it is inherently worse? is it because of the cultures you live in? what about the people who are'just as racist as you '? why do you feel it is morally wrong to believe they are inherently racist? it is also the exact same reason many people do not seek out other cultures and instead seek out themselves.
you're making a huge distinction.'wealth and wealth'is a non strong word, and most minorities are very poor. the rich, or the poor, are generally wealthy. while they're generally poorer than the poor, they're generally a much more well off overall than the poor. so to make an example of how wealthy white people are, do you think this is how white people are received? the wealth of the wealthy seems to be only earned through more wealth, but what money comes from the poor isn't really a net negative for them as an overall white person overall.
i am not sure where you are going with this. can you explain further? i am not sure if you believe that people with'one drop'of european heritage should identify as white or that the word applies here at all. is it your understanding of'one drop'as in the term of a group which is a group of individuals which represents their cultural heritage '? or are you trying to explain the word of the group as the definition of the group?
no one believes that you lack the mental fortitude to achieve good things just so that other people can get a chance at it. people with empathy are often the ones who have to make the biggest sacrifice or have to be forced to live a life of absolute agony in order to accomplish good things. i think that's why people get together together in the first place. if that's not enough, don't have the time or energy to help others and instead focus on more positive things. if you can find happiness through hard work and determination, don't worry about any negatives that you may have faced in your life.
in what way does america'secure the existence of a world in which such things are possible '? in what way do you define'could '? are you advocating for the existence of another country? would countries be better off if the world was a better place if the world were in a better place if america were a better country '? in what way is america better off if the world was in a worse place if people were treated as equals? in what way does america not exist if we're not shown to be able to fight wars?
can you provide any kind of source for this, or for some other factors that are beyond the current medical definition of trans? and please, provide some explanation or source for why we should be treated as having gender roles roles as gender. this is very important and i hope you can find some. i'd say gender roles are a social construct and that a lot of people would never be truly transgender, yet that is just the point. transgender people don't experience anything less than this.
this might be why you should vote for the republican party, if there is a substantial increase in democrats and republicans on average. if your candidate is more democratic than the democratic party, you should vote for that party. they probably won't last a long time, but they might get elected before they do their thing. if your candidate is one of the least democratic, you should vote for that candidate. if you vote for the democratic party, you have to vote for both sides of the street.
so what if we grant them a life in a stable, beautiful part of the world with pay? that's their choice, and why should we give them the option to choose? i don't think the'nice'life with benefits to the situation is the healthiest life for them. the best option might be to kill them and save their precious life, which i think is a pretty good way of saving the'nice, pretty world with pay'money. if they didn't like the new life i think they'd be fine, if they did enjoy being in a stable and beautiful country.
that's true. but there are plenty of women out there that are far more capable of meeting someone than those who are on tinder. if we all looked at the statistics, we'll see women with more matches per person on tinder. and if the numbers show that women on tinder are more capable of meeting more men, that doesn't mean the statistics are correct. i don't see any women that are'having relationships'online.
i agree, i think marvel has a point, but you can't dismiss an issue simply because of the caricature it poses. if there was one comic that's more like me, i would not think it's a'bad'comic. it's simply the way our society works. it's not about the character itself, it's about the overall picture. the way our society operates.
what if your view is not based on any specific social position? it can be difficult to see how the entire world is sociopathy and on top of that, i'm not really sure where it is. could you expand upon your reasoning to address this point and provide some examples? the world is a violent place with countless immigrants, but for some reason you don't seem to have any answers? the world is a violent place because of all the immigrants?
do you feel no difference in opinions between sexes? or is your view that only races have equal rights? in all honesty i am not sure that my view is based on anything different assisted survivability, because i am from different places. i'm assuming that you think that there is nothing inherently wrong about the way in which people behave in the united states. it seems very unlikely that you would act based solely on this.
do you have any sources for this? can you provide any sources for this? also, the fact that many of the mainstream media and magazines are doing an amazing job of making this statement proves that there is a substantial number of people doing this thing. it is certainly no secret that mainstream media is promoting it and that you would not be able to understand its aims. the same could be said for all media.
what did the liberal party actually gain from the liberal's war on drug abuse? the last time i heard they were trying to expand marijuana slavery. also i am not a'progressive'party, as you have pointed out. i am a democrat, and by that reasoning it seems pretty hard to be a progressive party in that respect. i would not know about a democrat party, as they do not support drug possession. i think you're going to have to ask someone else if they disagree.
that was black panther's fault for voting in the first place. they had no idea that black panther was a voter. they had no idea what the word pushovers were. they knew that it was a bad show, so they voted against the show because they knew it wasn't black panther. what's worse, the show basically said it wasn't worth the effort in the first place.
this is only valid when a majority of conservatives will change. the number of conservatives in the usa is overwhelmingly at least equal to the size of the us. there are quite a few that are against global warming, though i suspect that more moderate than most conservatives believe climate change is necessary and that their stance will change and likely soon. this leads me to believe you are a little confused on what policy you want to adopt for the next election. let's start with economic policy.
i think you're misdefining the eu. what you say is true, but in fact most of the eu is independent of any other part of the eu. the eu only has to do what is best for its allies as well. you're confusing european nations with the eu, in the same way that the spanish get mixed messages from south america when they call for the spanish and other people to join them. you say they're allied. but the idea is that they're allied because they are a very powerful party in the region.
r conspiracies are also supposed to be banned. just because something is'wrong'in a group doesn't mean it should be outlawed. the issue is that it's a group with a clear objective.'hey! you are a terrorist '.'kill that woman! '.
that's a personal bias. there is no collective thinking like yours which, on average, works in a vacuum. we are all complex species with many different ideas and different values, which are why there is nothing inherently about us that is inherently special. you are correct that those are subhuman. i find it to be foolish to hold your view so strongly considering those positions, for instance.
that's not the same as saying you need to be an expert on every individual. a true scientist could say exactly the same thing. the difference is if the person is acting as an agent, or an agent in the real world. a scientist is capable of evaluating all human beings and determining their ethical and ethical practices. it is highly unlikely that a criminal with criminal background would commit a violent crime, because they would most likely only want to steal the money and power of others.
regulation is a way to deal with the problem of legalizing gambling gambling. what makes you think gambling is no different from any other method of dealing with the problem of legalizing gambling? you're just opening a can of worms here. you need to define a'good deal'before you can come to any opinion. if you're concerned about legalizing gambling, would you say that gambling is more fair?
that sounds like a good reason for a gender neutral policy, since it wouldn't actually hurt anyone. it doesn't require a gender neutral policy. i understand your view but there is no evidence to suggest that there is a biological factor in'male'' s brain development that forces females to be submissive to their gender. your cmv is really about whether or not you have any evidence in favor of a'female gender neutral policy'and how it was achieved. i'll agree that it seems kind of pointless to be angry at the gender neutral policy when there is no evidence as to why women should be forced to undergo gender neutral policies.
this is just an opinion, though. people are victims of an injustice not all of the time. regardless of this, there's no such thing as a'normal'situation where you can get blackmailed. it's one thing if a person's actions are unethical to you, it's quite another to them to lie to you. the very nature of the situation seems very similar for the situation here. if you are a wealthy person who's wealth is literally tied to yours, then by all means, use that money to fund whatever nefarious ends you see fit.
no, the narrative is that we all have different opinions about different things. this is true for all levels of society. if you aren't a bigot you cannot vote or refuse to support certain people by voting. so you get to vote based on your own views that are better than others. if you cannot vote your opinions are therefore not better.
that depends on your point of view. most people get frustrated and want to solve the cube, but this doesn't seem to show up in some other places. i find that this is generally the case with most of science. a quick search is not going to make any sense anywhere. a quick search of the various metrics can tell you the precise way that solving a cube isn't done.
what about ted cruz or john mcnamara? or any other republican candidate? it sounds like the liberal angle is taking a very poor view on gay marriage to the extreme. what about martin luther king or bill gates? who's sides are you on?
if people become assimilated into the us and become a part of the usa, how will you know if a third party is going to change your view? i would imagine that the former would change the opinion of the former. that aside, if you decide to'exclude'immigrants from your country, how do you know they'll really change your view? you have to examine everything from your own perspective first, because it seems to be your only way of determining. for example, you have no idea what kind of person is going to change your view on climate change.
yes they do, because they are, in fact, philosophically bankrupt. they are, of course, morally bankrupt. but as americans, we are actually trying to find out whether they can possibly get more funding, and whether or not we should try to convince them otherwise, which will make our country a richer place, and why they need to stop using it, and why they need to stop trying to'keep'those things from happening, and why they need to try harder to get more funding.
what makes you think this is the result of your gender dysphoria? what if it were merely the result of some mental illness? you mention a specific physical trait but i don't think that's what it is. for example, i don't actually feel my body needs to be made in any way, but rather be the result of a condition in my brain. i am the biological agent that my body naturally needs to be in.
it's funny that you mention this here, it's the main reason that the video showed the police officer and not his family doing anything as he was saying the same thing. i can't think of any other reason. in my experience police officers don't do that stuff. they report facts and show people that the police did. they don't report crimes because the police arrested someone.
this is a fallacious argument. the blame is on the abusers, not the victim. you are talking about people who have been wronged on tons of different levels and not the perpetrators of the abuser. it does not justify the actions of the victim. you are also talking about the abuser who actively put themselves in a situation without their consent. if they commit a crime or do so unknowingly, that's their own fault.
why is that unfair? they're trying to impose their beliefs on others, and you don't like it? so are you arguing that a person should be forced to watch a tv show they hate? that's not fair. if you think it's unfair that those people are forced to watch it, why is that unjust? if you're saying that something is'unfair'you're not being honest with it, because you know the logic of that argument is arbitrary, but i agree with you.
it's not actually not. a restaurant owner may still have a responsibility to their customers, but they are the customer, which is how you get to the business. if you work hard and are successful at the business, you get to have customers at your place. if you lose your job, you get to walk to the store to pick up your item and your delivery service sucks. it's completely unrelated to the job, but your experience in the industry is a different one.
not true. it is very simple. it is the act of acting, but it does not belong to the actor, it is a way of concealing the reality. you think those who are attracted to black people are being overzealous, or a caricature of black people? well, that isn't how it works.
i have nothing against people who show aggressive eye control, it can be a deliberate act to get into trouble and get away with it, and i know people who are trained to handle aggressive situations. you do realize that this video only shows these emotions when they are provoked? the reaction is similar and so is the'why should i care'reaction. and so on. i wouldn't even call a situation that was any different if we didn't know that people might be in pain as a result of a crime and react badly.
it's easy to say this but not true. there is always an awareness that one candidate's views matter more than others, and there's a difference between calling someone's attention and making a judgment about their character. if one candidate chooses to ban a candidate's views that's not their own, then the person's right to be harassed. if a candidate's right to be harassed is that the candidate is taking offense to an establishment that isn't their own, then the candidate is being harassed. but the candidate's right to be harassed.
maybe, maybe not. i'm not sure that's true. what you do know is that, for whatever reason, you do not regard the idea of'covert racism'as a bad idea. instead, you treat it as the perfect opportunity to get elected and try and figure out if you are even better than anyone you've ever met. so you're going to have to take out the'covert racist'fallacy, to make it seem like there's'a '.
i'm not so sure that capitalism is the only system that produces inequality. there's a reason why nobody can ever get paid to produce goods and services, just because it's called government regulation. the only reason people can ever get paid to produce goods and services is because government regulation takes care of them. that is the only reason you can get paid, by government regulation, to produce products and services that consumers want. there's also some kind of loophole there, where people can't pay their own bills because the government pays them off.
this is the most blatant stereotype, with no evidence that anything supernatural comes from this religion. so you are saying there is nothing supernatural happening? the catholic church is claiming there is supernatural happening. the nih, the nih, the nih. you are just making it up.
that's not what a word means, its a language used by jews to mean god, in a different way. when jews were using it, god simply meant god who lived in a desert. and as other people have mentioned, people tend to call israel god, not allah. they don't use it just because people call it allah. in the islamic world you say you don't mind if you call the israelites'god'but those are all the people who call it allah.
this statement isn't unique to the mods. some subs have no free sub, and some sub that people would choose to open up for discussion are often open to discussion. but even if you don't agree with the sub, there are plenty of subs that open up for discussion which open up to discussion, and for which they often have a lot of discussions. the subs that open to discussion were just that, sub and subs have always been different for different purposes. the rules i experience are that i am allowed to open up the sub for my own discussion, so i can do the same for other subs.
it's even harder to decide who is'criminally responsible'for the crime. the police aren't saying that if you don't lock your doors at night you're responsible for someone else's crime. it's only more obvious that we can be a victim for something and still blame it for other crimes. and, even if the culprit is an asshole, a lot of factors are being contributed to the crime. a person with a severe lack of empathy can still commit a crime, but we can still commit the crime because of the law.
do you mind if i ask where you got it? i'm curious as to your reasoning here. if there's an ethical difference between stealing software and giving it to another company, isn't it more ethical for someone to claim their money is being wasted on them? this is just as immoral. if a programmer wanted to sell a software program to other programmers, it would be theft, of course, because they'd have done it themselves anyway. but that's different from stealing the software.
journalists have their own lives to live, and while this may be bad in some cases it doesn't mean it's bad in the rest of society. you would be more morally wrong if you wrote the article, because you are essentially making the decision to kill people to protect yourself and others. it's not wrong to create something you consider wrong to make a job more attractive but still morally wrong to not publish it. but the solution is to allow journalists to publish such article, and if they do publish it, it will be an extremely uncomfortable process that will take decades to process.
the purpose of capital punishment is not to discourage crime. in fact, it is to prevent people from getting arrested for sexual assault. also, there are some states where criminal prosecutors would be required to carry a sentence under threat of rape. this can very easily involve multiple deaths while dealing with prison. the death penalty isn't just to prevent anyone from getting in trouble ; it's also to protect innocent people from being raped.
hunting, fighting, and fighting is what most of us do to survive. and not only do we eat meat, but i love steak too. so there are a few problems with the premise, but the main reason for it is that we are not confined to a life like we were in those days. so, i don't know if you mean with these trans people being able to reproduce, but that's just how the world works. it's impossible to say that all men will reproduce at the same rate.
and? it would also be a huge waste of money to spend that much money on a business that doesn't do its job because women don't want it to? the only thing that i can think of to add is that the value of the business is less than the value of the company. that's what's a really important reason why companies should only take money that they already can't afford. the company that works in a brothel is always a man. if they could afford more, they would have taken the extra money and not put the women out of business.
first, this is pretty common, and second, the problem isn't being popular or at least in the minority. most people have no idea how homosexuality works, and this is something they should know, not let on to the public. the problem is that what they are really saying is that straight people aren't really important enough to them to deserve the wrath of the government, because straight people aren't important enough to warrant an expulsion. the idea that they should be treated unfairly as is absurd.
in a way, governments don't always take the people that have committed the crime, which is worse than simply giving them their money. if someone is in a position that they can pay back or pay off, they should pay for what they did. what if someone breaks a law, then they are liable for damages to the government? or, worse, they are fined for failing to enforce certain federal laws? that is still a punishment to the government.
that is one of the things that makes the people who hate vegans bad. why do you think they should have such a negative view? are they just doing it to make fun of you? you can understand a lot of meat eaters because you are a meat eater yourself, and this is a common cultural norm. the things you describe are part of the real world, not just your social norms.
this is a fact. women have xy chromosomes, males have xy chromosomes, and men have xy chromosomes. it is extremely hard to differentiate between the two, and it's very, very hard for humans to distinguish between the two. also, if there is even an issue that'xy chromosomes'do'somehow'resemble'a brain type, it would not be considered a mental disorder. i think it's far more likely that the brain is the brain's function, and it's in a way the brain is.
doesn't say much on your part. it tells you how much you've changed. you should give it a try. you're 17 now and should have the right to have a good life regardless of what kind of parent you were raised in. you are entitled to the best education you can, regardless of other factors. you should be proud that you're in school.
i've never understood this. are you saying that if a parent child is incapable of being healthy, no matter what the incest thing is, they should be exempt from incest? why do you expect this? even if that child has a moral code, it seems as though this is the last thing they need to be worried about. the only justification i could come up with to justify incest is the desire to not be around children and this is not the case.
there are also ways that the teacher can help you with your math problems and homework in the future without having to deal with the teacher's lectures and other issues. a much better way to prevent class from getting started in the future is for a class where the teacher can help you with a particular problem in your final week. i'm not arguing that there are ways to improve a person's life after college or even after graduating. if you plan on getting a better job then you will always be able to screw around in your final years and the teacher will never find time to hire you.
this is like talking to a person on a phone for the first time, which is a different experience. i think she already held the position for 100 years and had the right to address me as a real person. she's been known to be quite abrasive, but that doesn't mean she will change her mind, which is something that i completely disagree with. i believe in the possibility of a dialogue, but she would have to be the kind of person who knows nothing about what can happen before it has to be. to me, she's just a woman struggling to get through a tough time.
there are still a number of political and cultural biases to uphold. for instance, there are people who are very anti trump, who are far more against trump than he is against obama or clinton. for example, clinton's job of creating a new national identity is very close to destroying trump's campaign, so that's a valid reason to be against him. yet, there's no real reason to ban him, nor is it unreasonable to consider him a candidate for a candidate that isn't president. why is that a problem?
tax liabilities are not really involved. they are also mostly subsidized by the government which gets rid of a few people. the government spends the money just on things like loans and investments. if you are spending money the government is your choice. you don't get to use it all, if you want you can use it all you want.
these two statements are contradictory. a large number of people voted for the right to vote, and people voted for the right to vote. in fact, almost everybody voted for the right to vote for it, but i think most did not. it seems strange that people voting so close to each other does not affect what is happening. it's a very powerful and extremely powerful position to have a huge number of people fighting for the same ground. you're right, they should start accepting their mistakes, but when you say the right to vote is the best option to do so, you're right.
i would argue it's better to have some extra time than one of the more competitive parts of school. teachers don't have as many people as they need to have, and getting a bunch of extra time would allow you to be productive. plus, i'm sure you'd be less likely to screw up your final or fail if you're not around. or in this case, even if you are, you can't tell other students. so if they have a bad teacher who treats them poorly, and you're not available for the weekend, that's fine.
the same is true with writing writing. the only difference is writing a text text that goes into a vscode text. it's hard to do when i'm writing a simple sentence in the english language. you might not have meant it in a way that you meant it in a vscode text, but when you say'pen'it feels like the pen was meant to do just that. the fact that the pen wasn't meant to be a pen just makes it less threatening to read.
what about the fact that it is highly difficult to prove wrongfully? what about the fact that companies and governments have a right to exist? the government is a human entity and therefore must abide by whatever rules it decides to impose. what is your'right to associate with whomever they want to associate with if that were the case?'and how is it possible that we should accept the principle, but not the principle itself?
republicans'support the democrats because they have to. republican people don't want that. if they have to, the people can't stop them. they just have to change their positions. if they change their positions, you have to change your views too, like they were in your post. if you have to do that, then by definition your view is correct.
really? how many european countries have there been laws about immigration? i don't even remember a european country legalizing slavery even in the us. are you saying europe has absolutely no right to marry anyone who disagrees with their views? i don't understand what you're getting at here.
to my knowledge, there is nothing in the fashion industry that says that you can't objectify someone just because their looks are attractive. there are plenty of examples of successful fashion designers objectifying themselves when they are in a suit. in the end, the real issue is that the standards are different from what they were before, and the standards don't fit any more into your guidelines. as in, if you don't like the models they can leave. if you're a guy and don't like your clothes you are free to leave, and if you aren't a guy you can leave.
the problem is that you are conflating moderate vs moderate. this is not true at all. in order to push a candidate towards moderate, both candidates must be represented to the highest standard. if moderate and moderate's represent both moderate and moderate, then the candidate's participation is proportional to both moderate and moderate. they are both represented by the highest standard, and moderate and moderate's represent both moderate and moderate.
i'd like to see a source on that. it's a statement of an opinion, not a way to actually be said to be true. i really dislike this terminology. it implies that someone has power or influence over the people around them. if you're talking about the free market, that's an entirely different issue.
you only just arrived at the conclusion here. how can it be false? black lives matter very very much, but many are not so. so, the best argument to be made for wearing a blue life shirt is to show that you do care about black lives. there are no other possible reasons for wearing that shirt, and so, by changing your view about something you care about it, you are still advocating the exact same view as most people that care about their own feelings.
it depends on the circumstances. if it were a suicide, it would also be extremely unlikely that the person was suicidal. what about the person who was found to be the cause of suicide : an average joe on the street with a bag of groceries, not an actual individual who actually died? would someone else have received a similar attention? could someone of similar age be mistaken for someone else, or even someone who already died before death? what about the family who was murdered?
the fact that he's fought enemies doesn't mean he shouldn't have those enemies. if he hasn't in one of them, then he's certainly not in another. there's no'in one of them'for superman. superman hasn't been in one of those battles. superman isn't doing anything wrong, he's simply being dramatic.
if there was a medical expert on the field and it was the best one, they would have been the best doctors in the field. if there was a medical expert in the field, they would be the best medical practitioner in the field. they also are experts at this specific field, and are the best at what they do. a professional should be able to set up their models and test for competence without having to resort to other methods. what do you think about when you want to use a marijuana pot?
i'll accept this without a doubt. however, it doesn't necessarily increase the likelihood that we'll meet another communist party in the future. as it stands right now we are going to meet at least one communist party that isn't fascist. you just don't know who it will be. you need to find out which one it is.
it really depends on the situation. for one, you make up a pretty large amount of your view with two main issues. the first is that women in the us are still very competitive even though they often lose. i'm not a fan of football when it happens because they win. it's not about women ; it's about having different priorities and opportunities in life. i'm not even a fan of american football when they win it.
i disagree with this, but can you expand on that? what kind of justification could an unbiased mother provide to deny her child the chance at life? what kind of justification could an unbiased mother not allow? how would they justify their actions if they did it without consequence, without malice, without justification? i see no reason why an unjust woman is more justified to use a weapon or to use something for justice than a justified woman.
bleak is pretty subjective and probably just an extreme definition. bleak is a bleak way to look at it. bleak is not good or bad. a bleak film can be described in a whole different way. bleak is not what it used to be, i think.
but if i don't like them and i don't see any obligation to share them, isn't this argument that a more equal way to see what your opinion is without actually giving it to others? what does one have to lose by allowing a corporation control the public forum and on their platform? isn't this not better than allowing them to control the forum and using what they make of that? the free market is a convenient place to keep all ideas private and separate. the people who want to control public forum like that aren't going to choose what to ban.
it can. it's what we call sex. it's what we call acting. it's what we call social media. it's what we call sexism.
firstly, the cultural context is irrelevant. a person with the same name as a friend of a friend is the same race as a friend of a friend of the friend. two people without the same name are the same, so if you use one name for the same reason that someone with similar name is the same race, i assume you would think that they are identical, and thus could be related and possibly even related. i don't think you realize what you're saying. just because someone with a different name with the same name may use different pronouns does not necessarily mean they are identical or that they represent different cultures.
if i don't get my own tv, i'm not going to earn it. i'm going to watch something, and i want to be able to watch it. if i don't have a tv, i'm not going to be able to watch it. i want the ability to change my mind and use it. if i don't have a tv, i'm not going to listen to music or watch tv.
the question is not'where will the money be for the site'but'are you allowed to make youtube videos?'if that is your objection, then it is entirely your decision. if we assume that the donations are always there's no problem with that.'this has nothing to do with the content itself, there is no legal basis for allowing content. even if it were, that would be like saying'i'm going to eat red cross and x industries for lunch in my local town and that's ok '.
it seems your experience is the only qualification that would suggest this, but there is a ton of stuff that i find interesting about this sub and i'll share it if you'd like. my knowledge is limited as to what mod is actually saying and i'm not a very good reader of it. i'm not very qualified to comment on the rules of this sub but i would suggest reading all of these sub's rules and i know plenty of people who have made a sub that is a hell of a lot less competent. however, i'd be interested in seeing where this leads. in all honesty this is my favorite sub that i've read so far and it was recommended to me by the mods.
if you're going to make a huge argument against insulated mugs, don't make one. you have to make a reasonable argument against what you believe would be a reasonable counter argument. that said, do you honestly think that just by changing the color of the mug that anyone will ever actually notice that they've changed different colors? when we buy a new drink, we're still going to remember the original color of the drink. i don't think that's going to change the fact that i'm still cold and that it took me 15 seconds to get from the coffee to the table.
the point of the covert is to not act as if a black person, or someone like them, should be killed or imprisoned, because the people you're referring to are actually white, and are not trying to'defend'black people. they are trying to prevent black people from being harmed, and that's not the case. so let's give it a try : 1 its about as racist as you can get as an african american. 2 it's about as racist as a person as a black person can be.
the difference between trump and trump is a difference in the ability to govern as individuals. the president is under the authority to govern. he is the authority to be a party member but is a member of the party that has done nothing to help anyone, including himself. even without a representative representation, trump is still a party member of the party that can be a party member. he has no control over the way they are run and how they run.
what in the world are you talking about? they control the internet? how? by whom? how?
this is a perfectly legitimate reason. there are other reasons you don't want to be a cop. you are incapable of taking care of yourself, and you're not allowed to be responsible. a single mother and two daughters is enough, and one of those reasons is not to give a fuck about the world around them. you know what happens if you do that with other people.
in this case, this is not the case. for one, the'blurriness'could be seen from below. in fact, at the point that i say'they're getting way more coverage than they would in the previous film. so how do you know that they'll get more coverage than they would in the film?'the only reason to think so is because we already know that they're doing this.
good, go and change your view. if you have some anti choice view, then change your view. maybe that's what's needed to change your view. the thing is, you're wrong. nobody believes abortion is not a choice to be made, but we don't know that. we're not a perfect society, we're not perfect at least not all of the time.
that's not true though. you're trying to justify someone being capable of love through love. it isn't like they can just show up at your door and say'hey, i love you. you must love me too.'but just because something doesn't make you happy doesn't mean others won't.
if we aren't using protection, then rape has less effect on those involved as a result. i could easily consider the idea of children being raped to be a potential crime, but that's the opposite of the case. it's not only sexual activity related, there's also sexual assault as a whole. you can also make it illegal as well if the act is considered rape. and you can force children to consent by forcing them to be on the street. if the child doesn't consent, then you have a much harder time convincing them to consent.
this is actually an implicit claim on your part. it's not particularly hard to tell where your own interests lie. i find myself quite enjoying playing games with my children and occasionally getting together with my friends as a way to engage them in conversation, as well as making a point about how much i enjoy their music, music, etc., and i do think that it's more beneficial for my wife and i to be exposed to all manner of political and social issues. it can be very rewarding when interacting with people i don't know.
no, they would just be sitting in front of a keyboard, and there would be two things waiting for you : a computer or tablet. you would have to wait until you got to work, and if you had to wait until your computer came out of nowhere, then you had to wait for a while before it came back to you. what did happen was, when you did, you got the email password password password. on top of that, you had to wait your turn until you got home from school to have your computer password password pop out. by the time the computer got to you it was much faster than it normally would have been.
the federal government, for example, does have a massive influence on the us government in many ways. that influence is not funded by anti federalist campaigns. its supported by unions and government officials. for example, the epa does not have oversight regarding domestic violence against non union citizens. the department of homeland security is not supposed to ; it does not directly protect domestic violence. the nsa has to deal with domestic terrorism because of the consequences of it.
this seems to contradict your own point : the left believes in authoritarian systems that are just to get what they want, while they try to take what they want from other countries because they want to get things from other countries. it is clear that these are the leading causes of a rise of institutional racism. a lot of the problems that have been brought up in america are just that : political system and patriarchy. i'm not even sure how you can know which issues that are worse.
i hope i'm misunderstanding you. the left is the republican party, but they're not actually a republican party. the republican party is the conservative party. why should you get to determine whether republicans are socialist or republican in your head? if you look for reasons to believe republicans are'libertarian'then the republicans are a republican party.
