i'm not sure. do you suppose that your voting yourself more money to help those who need it more? why not just have someone else get the jobs? also, voting someone else will not lead you directly to people who need money more. voting yourself more money will not lead you directly to people who needed more money before coming out of the womb.
because the act of fleeing is hardly fair. in the case of fleeing, the'pursuer'acted in defense of the danger, and we know the'assailant'acted in defense of the danger. the act of fleeing is not merely a defense of the police, but a defense of the community itself. when fleeing, the'pursuer'acts in defense of the'pursuer ', whether it is the cop, or the defendant, or a stranger, is more likely to be shot and killed.
why do you feel this way? i ask because i understand that there are certain people out there who would take that risk even in the face of a law which does not apply to them. and this isn't a new thing, nor one that i necessarily agree with. some of those people could be murderers, rapists, drug addicts, etc. this can easily lead to a life of crime, in which the risk of being caught is overwhelming. it's also possible to carry a concealed carry at all times.
you are correct that some people find diversity to be the same thing. others find diversity to be the same thing. diversity makes people feel as if they fit in at the proper time and place. people are social beings. when a minority group of people in our society exhibit the traits that we define as being best, we see a significant change in them.
this is an interesting assumption. do you think that if you removed freedom from people, the people would actually be free from consequences? the freedom of speech is what makes people free. i'm not trying to be ironic, but i'm genuinely confused by what you mean when you say'we would use any means, including extradition '. that seems like a contradiction to me, since you seem to be saying we'd be using what we have to get what we want.
this already is happening. you have no idea how expensive it is to buy a house and a car. it costs 100, 000 per square foot of space. it takes roughly 300, 000 per person to move across the country. you really need to find a job before you can do that. in america, that's roughly 240, 000 per year of incomes that the average person spends on their own.
if it's a spectrum then all you can argue for is that it is not a spectrum, which you are not advocating for. i'm just so damn proud of the fact that i'm an asshole on a national level. it just doesn't matter if you're trying to be racist or not, you're not, because the point is to fight, to be the asshole regardless. you need to accept that black people are bad, because they're assholes.
so you're saying white privilege is purely derived from wealth and it just happens that in your opinion, people do feel superior to you? that's not at all how it works. white people are the one who have more advantages to you than other people. you just won't accept them because you cannot accept them. there's just no room for other people and it is a natural order of things.
it's just white people who aren't bigoted or attacked, but it's not a real ethnicity in the sense that there is no race to be prejudiced against, it's a state of being born to it. a country, as an independent nation, has had an'assimilation process'by its very nature. it is not a free society. if you have some african blood that is not native to your culture, then you are not a racist. some african americans don't understand the modern world, or want it because they are african american, which is why they are not able to have families, or want to leave africa.
as you said. it's nice to be accepted as an important part of someone's life without having expectations in the same way that others do. but i also see the need to change the behavior of other people. this doesn't make you worthless, it makes you a great person. i think this is a great reason to change how others see you.
what good is this gonna do? if you look at the history of europe, there have never been so many wars or wars between different groups. even if the u. s.'s war and military prowess has been, and continues to be, the united states has done more to combat disease worldwide than any other country in the world. the united states is, in theory, the best country in the world.
so, if i have a person with depression, and they have a really bad personality disorder, they should be treated equally by someone who suffers gender issues? i guess i can understand that. and that's a good thing, right? it's one that's easier to accept than an illness that can't be treated. so, in the best case case, we're all better off when we understand who we are, and if that person has an illness, it can't be treated because of something else.
is it your own fault that your grandparents are unable to support you as a child? i'm sure there's some reason you feel that way. there's plenty of reason you're excluded from that special unit of people who are the most important thing to everyone. it doesn't matter if you think their values are skewed. it's still your parents and you. you are just a part of those values.
i think you're vastly overestimating the value of a slave. if the work can get done and the work is done efficiently, then that's wonderful for a poor country but it does not mean that it is the most desirable thing. imagine a world that was so rich that people were forced to work for minimum wage to survive. then they have no job, no education or any other degree of support. they can't find work because no matter how much they work, they are unable to support themselves.
that isn't really true. if there weren't so many women wanting to date you and your friends and family, this wouldn't be the case. there are lots of men online with a different opinion on the topic. this isn't only women in it, but also other women who have the same opinion of you. you are basically saying you are interested only in women. that's fine.
so, i'm going to ask you why you think such a stereotype has never happened? or are you just not a fan of marvel? i find marvel to be a lot more interesting than black and asian characters, and even though that may seem like a stereotype to some black people, i would be hard pressed to find someone who would find that any less intimidating. i think it would be an interesting read for you. the main characters are very much different.
well, that's what binary is for. it's how we deal with the issue of not being able to change what we are. we don't have the right to be untruthful, or uncreative, but we don't have the right to be untruthful either. people are allowed to lie. and what are we doing to stop people from doing that?
that's a very unconvincing argument. as an aside, that's actually the whole point of an immigration policy. there is not one single solution to the problem of the usa. if a whole nation is a part of one single person, and there can be no way to unite them all, the entire country will be divided. this can easily be used to make the us a better country and not just a country.
i wasn't aware they had this in the mainstream media. i had heard of it, but had never heard of it. it's a movement of women's movement that can be considered a radical movement. there isn't really any argument of its support for it. most of the time there is no support for it. it's just about women who want that same thing but are afraid to get into that controversial controversial subject.
why is that strange? they're working to help rebuild the system of government that got destroyed in the 1990's and 2018's. it's not the least unusual that a party, that has a strong social base of socialism, is now running against a country with a strong economic model. it's not uncommon that a politician, who can't remember the name of a country, might think that the best thing for that country to do is not to run, even though it makes their own business.
do you really think they aren't making a statement? it's not like there's an all white tv show about star wars and the hero is a character in it. it's just an empty'come on, man you should buy this'kind of statement. it's a non sequitor. its a nonsequitor.
this is not the case at all. when the bush administration got president, they ruled by their actions and the policies that were implemented. the'oklahoma city'debate in the 2008 election was still popular. it's not surprising. its just not the most popular place to address a debate. the'oklahoma city debate'wasn't that big of a deal, and it wasn't very popular because the discussion had the same effect as other debates about oklahoma.
this isn't how alliances work. even for the most radical international movements in the world, russia is more extreme than any other country of the world. it is extremely easy for russia and some other middle east country to invade. however, what you describe is more of an issue with russia than america's foreign invasion. so what if the united states is just as violent?
so you have a problem with people wanting to be treated as a joke? reddit is not a joke. its a video of a man committing suicide after killing an entire family of his children. what if the family died before the video can even really appreciate the impact it has? i mean, it's not like he had it in his possession when he murdered these children.
the thing is that it can make some people insecure. it can also make people feel they are less capable of being in a positive role in the life they are living. the people i work with are more accepting of some things that i do. they really believe in their equality, and their happiness is almost more valuable than that of others. the things that i personally do, for example, for my money are more valuable than some things that i do for other reasons.
how do you propose to quantify a 9 11? if anything that's a mistake. the bomb was in the basement. he did not just sweep down to the basement and start a fire, he spread the bomb around and removed it. so when people started attacking him out of nowhere when he was trying to blow up the buildings he didn't start the fire.
i've heard this argument before, but i would like to see how you are getting into how it's implemented. it's been argued that the amount of cases we have is too high. the same way i'd like to see how you're getting into how it works today. so what's your goal then, and what's your main problem? if i can't find that satisfaction, what is your solution?
i think women should have the same right to life as men do. it's our rights as men to pursue better human relationships. if you choose to live in a society with a weak government regime, you can claim to be oppressed, or at least get a stronger say in things, but not get paid for being oppressed. it may not be the optimal course of action, but there's nothing inherently wrong with it. it's just different.
blackmail implies an exchange of services. when someone cheats on their wife, he or she has a choice. when someone cheats on their spouse, they have a choice whether or not to stay with them or not. i think blackmail is illegal since there is no guarantee they will keep their word. blackmail is more effective if the person is honest about who they'd cheat with, because the person is lying about what they'll do and what they'll do.
that's what i said before. this is false. height is a combination of factors. height isn't really a special trait among all men, but it's not necessarily difficult to find, either. being taller is just more common.
i'm not going to bother to give an example of how faster people are able to solve complex things in the first place, since they're all physical things. the amount of training requires no amount of training and a much faster speed person to solve all the problems is what creates the difficulty. however, there is very little reason for the difficulty you are talking about. if someone were to solve a very large cube with their bare hands, they would absolutely solve it with their hands. if they used their mind to work out how to do it, they would likely be a machine at that point.
conservatives don't laugh at the expense of the political parties themselves. they're laughing at what makes them funny. the fact that they do is that if the party they were laughing at died, then they wouldn't laugh about the party that lost. the people in power that voted for fox should be represented by a single vote for hillary, with only that vote being able to swing in the senate and trump. not to mention that the political parties themselves are not the problem that people usually start with, the problem that they should be elected to.
can you prove this? there is plenty of socialism and socialism to go around. is it a threat to your identity if you go outside and work? if yes, what kind of socialism are you referencing? are there socialism and islamists in particular that are just as hostile to you? what specifically do you need to be referencing here?
you must have missed the recent republican establishment, which was supported by a republican party. the republicans are actually doing pretty well considering the democrats are on the books, and most of them are doing well. there is a good amount of support of the democrats on the political landscape, but the republicans are generally moderate democrats. democrats seem to hold a much higher moral standing when it comes to economic success. the republicans are a bit more moderate when it comes to economic gain, but the democrats are definitely not.
you might consider the person of this gender a gender they identify with regardless of how they identify in the real world. what is it about these people that makes you think of them as'biological sex '? are they a stereotype or a belief based off of a little misunderstanding of gendered gender? for all i know, gendered sex might be a specific biological sex that you share, which might or might not be a specific biological sex that you share. are you saying your brain is based on a set of specific characteristics?
why? because you aren't religious, for one. you just like stories about people who are mocking someone who is not religious. why should maga be any different? and if you believe in a better world for the whole group, why would you care what people believe about it?
people make bad decisions all the time. it is simply a personal choice that they make. the choices you make affect others. the same can be said for being a victim of abuse. for example, suppose a child with an abusive home is being abused by a police officer.
i agree with you about age discrimination, but only if you believe in some kind of'gender equality '. just because people will never accept a belief as valid doesn't mean they shouldn't change their view. as others have pointed out, age discrimination only works if you take into account how long a person has been in a period of social activism. a person with a sexual orientation can be sexually attracted to anyone they want, and a person with a sexual orientation can be sexually attracted to anyone they want. that's why sexual orientation doesn't have the same impact on the average person.
do you have any evidence for this other than the above? there are so many cases where business owners refuse to sell their product, and that's just not true. what makes selling sex as distinct from other types of labor different than selling sex as distinct from other types of labor? why does it matter who is forced to sell sex as distinct? is it because of society's need for slavery? is it because they have a choice?
there's no'it's because he's no longer gay'argument that undermines the claim. it's just that he's a gay man, and not a white man. we're not saying that we should be calling him an asshole, we're just saying that he's not the normal guy. he's only been the target of harassment for a very long time, so it's not worth calling him a'gay man.'we're just saying that's not acceptable anymore because of what he was in life.
you can and should, but you'll get your shit together and realize that this doesn't happen every time. once you stop beating yourself up for not defending yourself in your head, you can realize that you're the one that was the victim in that situation, because you've been too dumb to realize. the officer didn't need a fight. he can shoot the kid, and be done with it. no one needs a fight, and the cop was not in the position to defend himself.
they are not subject to the same effects that they push on others. they don't deserve to be harassed. they don't deserve to be harassed. they are not subject to the same effects that they push on others. a black man walking down the street, walk down the street, is called'n'by people driving past himmyes. that's a valid complaint.
no one is going to admit to being racist if they don't understand the reasoning. if you know what their goals are you can always defend them, there is no need for a particular statement. there is always time to form an argument or even clarify, but it is not time to put in a concrete'i hate people who support racist stereotypes '. i'm sure that someone will defend their position even if it isn't in evidence. to put it simply you don't want to do so, but that's fine.
this is a weak comparison. the best market for goods and services is because of the socialist parties. this is a huge part of our economy. as for what you mean by'the best economic system ', i would say a market in capitalism is the best system for goods and services. it's not really a'capitalism '.
' thou shalt not judge my word for thy own good'is just an excuse for bad actions. that is all it takes to be an atheist. you cannot assume that'god forgives ', and that everyone does. i have an unconvincing belief in the existence of god, and there are plenty of people i have never met who are simply not religious. i'm not an atheist, but i recognize that there are other people i can trust who are.
it's a practice from judaism as the jews did not refer to god by their name, because the jews did not refer to god by his name. the difference is that they didn't choose to do so, they chose to give each other their name. if it's a religious tradition, then the jewish community, as a whole, was established as one entity. it isn't the religion that matters, it's their religion. if it wasn't the religion that people held the closest to god that most of us held, it would be their religion.
i have no idea how this makes one socially inept per capita, exactly. how can you be so sure that there is no way that there is no way that subs cannot be manipulated into making a subvert more or less socially inept? what exactly do you think is being asked of sub owners, and what kind of feedback is being generated, and i would ask you ask the mods to stop being so critical. as with all subs and other sub programs, the feedback is extremely limited. i can easily see why this would be an issue, but what are the guidelines that will give people?
when you're home, there's a security system at your house. when you go to work, the security system is on. if you're in a rush and you have to lock the doors, you can't get out. if you have a car and need to borrow money, the system is on the shelf and will be there in a moment. but when you get to work, you can only open the door to get in.
i suppose most people have some type of competitive competition for something, but i personally find the idea of a corporation paying all the money and then just letting you go to the store. i would say that not everyone is like that. i mean, sure there's some sort of competitive competition to win, but if a company gives you a piece of software they believe you will use it, then you can do the same. and you can use a software developer to get your software sold, and if a software developer is willing to sell you a piece of software, it's fair game for them to do so.
journalists are supposed to do their job correctly, and if you have to verify what they say, you get my point. this post is meant to have a philosophical debate about what is supposed to happen. a journalist has to have a strong grasp on the world and the world outside of their current sphere of influence. it can only mean that what you believe to be true is wrong and is actually not. for all i know the entire thing is rigged, yet this is true.
why not? is the crime that committed by someone else what gives you that right? if a criminal has been charged with capital punishment, he or she is free to commit the crime. the other person, whoever did this is not free to commit the crime. why must we make rules of this kind of thing?
it was a symptom of the gender dysphoria that was prevalent throughout the dark ages, and some of it was caused by a genetic component. while there are studies that support that a gender dysphoria affects male and female identity, many studies have shown many people claiming to have been born to male or female female genitalia. one of the problems with this case is that the treatment is based in one cause, and is much less than the reason they appear to be gender dysphoria, whereas some studies suggest an innate medical advantage for individuals who have different physical characteristics.
so now we're talking about business and how people take advantage of that for their own benefit. the only thing that would make it different is the fact that salaries are so much greater, while salaries are so much greater. this could increase salaries or decrease them to'just enough'so that salaries aren't taken too seriously for their individual benefit, which doesn't necessarily mean the person who's salaries were less desirable so much as less likely for'less'and'less ', which would add nothing more, because salaries can easily shift to'less'if you're not doing 100 of what the company is paying.
this is the most ridiculous thing i ve ever heard. the only way to really prove your point is to show that lgbt people aren't boring people. you're going to have to actually show that lgbt people can be annoying as hell. and that they're not going to be as interesting as straight people. maybe we're off base, but the fact that a group of people is more engaging than lgbt people or straight people doesn't make the world a little less boring.
this is a big assumption in the us and has little effect on the economy. the us and other economists have to make a lot of assumptions here. it could be that companies pay more to have more educated people to work for them, or that people in the labor market can not work at the fast food chain, or it could be that people with good jobs can not go to the fast food chain. the us government isn't the only organization that has a long time to do most of these things. it's certainly the only organization that has ever paid 100, 000 and paid 1, 000 dollars.
again, no argument there. that's why vegans and gays are so damn great at making meat meat. the same argument could be made against vegans and gays, but that's not the only reason vegans are great at doing it. not everyone likes it, and the'veganism'part is because it's incredibly easy to be vegan without being vegan. a vegan being a'vegan'with a veganism is a vegan being a christian without a veganism.
it's not a mental disorder. it's a psychological problem that is associated with the genetic makeup of the person. some people may have a biological deficit, but there's no reason to believe it's a mental disorder. there's no reason to believe that it's normal, and there's no reason to believe that it's a brain injury. there's no reason to think that it's genetic.
a highschool football player who just lost the game is actually worse off, because a good play is better, if the player has enough free time. this kind of situation is true of the game. in high school the parents were too much at play to take care of them, and the kid felt bad for not being at school. he felt really bad, but that wasn't an excuse he was told about. and then when the team was too tight, he felt bad for not being able to tackle the team.
what if you had an accident with someone else's car? or when you fall asleep at night, it's because you fell asleep and didn't wake up during the nightmare? incest is an evolutionary advantage in a society that has rules on the way out to society. if we have a society like that, it will likely increase the number of bad actions committed against you over the course of a lifetime. if you have a lot of sexual and std related history, you would feel incest is not a moral choice.
this is sort of true, but not completely true. in an open plan classroom you are assigned one teacher for a period. you get a student and then they have a discussion and a discussion with the other teachers. the rest of the time you get an hour of free time to make plans. usually you get a day off from school, which is something the students take advantage of.
it's certainly not. but the fact that she is talking about this in an ad isn't really relevant to a discussion about the work, as there is a much broader agenda being discussed. the question is not whether it is relevant or not. the focus is on the work. if the content is good, that's not very relevant, and there is no point in discussing the content because the content will be lost anyway, and the discussion is just as valid as any other interview.
it's not just the idea of a firewall that makes a firewall. the idea is that the developer knows that it can be abused. when i have a bunch of people doing something i'd like to do, they take it seriously, and don't just think about the consequences. in fact, when i have to, when i think about this idea for example, i've been trying to figure out how to say'well, i'm going to keep doing that as long as i don't have to spend the money on something i want. '
warren says that. he claims that the average of income in the us is 1. 80m. the fact that this is true doesn't mean that the average of income in the us is 0. 0h. it just means that we don't have as much interest in the rich either. the wealthy are still in power, and the poor are still in debt.
how will that work? i don't know if i can count that many eligible voters who have been in a position that's'trump's. they need to realize their mistake and take a different tack then they would have had to get out of the way of. no one should be forced to vote for somebody just because they don't know how to vote. the system does not work that way, there are no options.
that's kind of true but this doesn't mean it's entirely effective. some teachers use special protections that prevents them from teaching more than 2 weeks in the summer. so if there is one teacher that can do this much better than the other one why would they need to do it more often? i know i don't have anything like a good teacher but i know they just want a decent teaching staff. what i don't understand is how you could teach the exact same class for multiple months but not teach 3 4 weeks in the summer.
you're wrong on this, though. i have to use pad if i want to write anything. vscode should have been a sub to vscode and would have had that'indentation'indentation in it instead. i also don't know why i don't use vscode to write. for a vscode, the light is the best indicator of the device. it's easier to get the same type of errors that you're getting from vscode.
the university is not condemning them, it is accepting their existence. a private university is where the data flows, it is a place that is open to the public. this leads to many forms of'police review ', which can be seen as a means of protecting the public against people who are attempting to break into. it makes for a good place to assemble, but it provides no guarantee of making people talk about the case. for example, if a private university is looking at the same data, the university will put an interest in it.
that's a lot of ifs, which is what happened here. first, a million of your reasons don't explain what the'berniebros'did to the us in the'4 years'election, but the media does, which is why you see the video. another thing is that trump hasn't done much lobbying in other areas of the country, he has been lobbying with congress for decades. even if this'failed'election weren't as disastrous as you believe it to be, he hasn't done much to help the situation. also, the russian republicans, as far as i know, have not only used trump's money in the past year, but also a lot
of course not. america has much the same values that many other developed countries do as long as there is a direct trade between the countries. it is based on a strong trade partnership, which is the basis for global trade. it is a fact. there are countries where the usa has a lot less free trade, where the us has much less opportunity for trade.
i wouldn't consider that your argument is based on a premise known to gay men, who aren't really that attracted to women, but just a claim that the entire line of art being designed by men is not based on male gender. your entire argument is based on an assumption that there is no inherent sexual attraction to women. in that case, how do you explain men who just don't want to see women in their dresses and are very resistant to being touched by a naked woman, regardless of whether it's in a male or female way?
i see no reason why people would think this is a valid reason for the dnc to use that time to prop up a false narrative. people who do not know clinton think of hillary as the candidate that trump and hillary are going to win the nomination. that's all clinton does. you think you have some political leverage with her? you think you can just play her.
so why are those things just'free speech '? do you support'free speech '? how does that justify free speech? free speech implies free speech itself is a subjective position. i don't know if you've ever thought about the concept of'freedom of expression ', but the idea that it would be oppressive to say that we have an opinion without giving meaning to it is objectively reprehensible. there's something inherently wrong in that statement.
there are people who are not on board with this, i have no idea what you mean by this. what message is that? what is it that you want to convey? are you saying that all these people hate and expect me to tolerate them, even if they are not really being the ones insulting? is it that some people prefer different colors to blue?
i don't really understand why you think the us should focus on suicide prevention when there are already so many people out there willing to take it. if this were a major issue, why was it when homicide rates dropped? what about when suicide rates dropped to only 30, 000? why should it be a priority when it is more often than not at least when you think there is a serious potential homicide? what does it mean that it is more often than not a target of homicide? i am pretty sure that statistics like this would allow it, but why isn't it a priority?
superman is one of the most visually interesting characters of all time, and in all of the comics, he's usually the most peaceful and thoughtful. all of the other superman comics have character violence, but superman is something very different, and all of the other superman comics are at least somewhat fun. and superman is actually quite a bit less serious and intimidating to a lot of superhero characters, thanks to his'more intense'powers. it's pretty much the opposite of superman, since he's not nearly as powerful, and has the more dangerous, deadlier powers that superman does.
why? we've got better things to do. like, the time to have a conversation. and to have sex. i think most people, even the unqualified, would agree that both things are a bonus.
there is no reason not to. you're not going to get any of this stuff from the eu and, unlike your source, there's no reason to expect it from russia. your point isn't the only thing the eu can afford, though. for example, that's basically why you should be doing an evaluation of the eu's position on the issue. we don't allow people to live in dangerous environments, but we don't allow them to live in unsafe environments either.
i think the argument here is a bit different than the one above, that you do not get to pick the team's careers. you get to pick your team teams, but it's not the game you want to see played. this is what makes it fair to say women's teams should be the teams in charge of their careers. but to say that men's teams should be the ones to be the ones in charge is very subjective. if a woman loses because she's so exhausted, it's her choice to give up.
the fact that it doesn't apply to something can be used as a reason to commit an action of aggression towards the child. a person, specifically, being born into this world and therefore able to procreate without the use of another being has no bearing on this decision. it's irrelevant. if someone does this and needs to be procreated that is their decision. it's a natural consequence, a part of life.
so? i'm not so jaded. sure, there were times when i was sad, but i've adapted to that, and i don't have to be tortured to make those parts of my life better than the ones of the other. and there's nothing wrong with that. most people can make themselves happy, and they won't if their feelings are threatened.
is it your responsibility for me to tell people to stop using my free speech as a platform when i want to promote free speech? should i be banned if i ever decide i want to speak in public because my thoughts and ideas are almost entirely deleted or removed? should i have to stand on their platform when i want to speak? why should i be banned if i want to use their platform? the same logic applies to all speech.
do you think the millions of people who spend a lot of money and millions of hours trying to become famous are paid handsomely for having that skill? is that what you think? i think the vast majority of society treats it as part of a hobby. a career means having a sense of self assurance. it's not a talent, it's a skill that people are paid for, and we're the ones who pay for it.
because you don't understand the nature of racial ideology. just because you think it's bad to mock someone doesn't mean it's necessarily bad. in fact, mocking that particular racial group in particular is perfectly acceptable. people who are laughing at their friends joke about it because of this. in fact, mocking a particular racial group's behavior is perfectly acceptable.
could you give some examples of these things that might actually happen? it's a bit unclear to me. is it ethical to expose their sex life to earn money or gain fame for being an artist? what sort of evidence are you looking for to justify calling a criminal, rapist, pedophile, or both? it seems like your premise is wrong.
for what purpose would you say this? you could say that the goal is to provide information about current events. for what purpose would you argue that if you can't justify the use of violence, then you should not be alive? would you say that if you can't justify your use of violence, you should be dead? what kind of argument would you say?
i wouldn't know about that. i've never been in a sub that got abuser than the one i went on a few times. i've always felt safe and connected when people called me a'shithead'for not listening. as such, my experience is that mods tend to take very little time and consideration on their replies and tend to be open to them being removed if they do not follow the rule you cited. you're going to have to define exactly what mods mean in these cases.
only so far as non ceramic mugs are concerned. i own about 2, and all i ever drink at home is water. i drink some water during the day, and sometimes i drink some water in the evening when i get home from a date. this is especially true in the winter, which is more or less covered in snow. so i take that to mean that the two mugs that i use have the same effect : better.
so far, the people in power in the right have never been racist. it's not like you're suddenly saying'no, i'm not racist, i'm merely following a specific campaign'or'i'm not a big fan of nazis,'or'i don't think'or'i think hitler'or'i think a lot of nazi'or'i'm ok with nazis, so it's ok'or'i just don't like nazis, so i'm only doing this because i'm going to see them again. ', and i'm not a big fan of nazis and i don't think its fair to criticize those for that. i'm
as u nov points out, the issue isn't partisan, it's political. and when people see those in power as illegitimate, social stability is the victim : you see those in power as illegitimate, social stability is the victim : we all lose, it shows that power is more important than playing fair. that is a lot of racism. you see that same thing all the time, the world is a bit different and one of the bigger problems isn't that politics is being bad in the first place. but for the same reason, all other issues are political.
which will in turn lead to other bad policy choices. in addition, democrats won't be interested in trading with the democrats on a wall. they will be interested in trading with anyone who has the means and the ability. so the wall has to stay on for another year and we still have to convince people who want it to go away. we need a way to stop this from happening, and as much as it costs.
this is what i think you should be ashamed of : you are, for all intents and purposes, culturally a nobody. you have no concept of'society'or the means of production, let alone the means of production. your daughter is a nobody. you have no idea what'society'really is. your daughter is a nobody.
framer can't be described in any detail. i don't know where you're getting it from. it's like saying people with a bad case of the pox or hiv could't possibly be trusted. that is a valid argument, since most of the actual statistics on laos are predicated on people who have an hiv infection or who didn't see the news news on the news. but i don't think there's really a good definition of'low framerate'in this case.
if a woman doesn't want an abortion and the doctor disagrees, then it is not her choice. the doctor is the parent, so he should decide whether the decision should be made for the woman. that said, in most cases there is a clear benefit of having the doctor at least agree that abortion is not an option. i don't see a point in arguing that the doctor should not necessarily agree with the doctor and the woman. if the doctor disagrees with the decision, then there is no need for the doctor to have no power.
' oh i know. maybe the guy who is just fucked up and just wants a fuck buddy's help.'that is an argument that needs to be reheard. you don't have to be strong.'yes, you do.'that's not the problem.
because they don't want to make it illegal or even forced to do it. if they did, they'd be in jail. if they did, they'd lose the benefit of their votes and the money they've made. if they don't, they'd get an abortion or they'd lose the good sense to call in a lawsuit. the states are willing to lower taxes on their children, and it's not illegal to do that.
do you believe that children should be put to work with other children just for the socialized environment? if you do then by all means do the children not get to be socialized? we do not need to give our children socialized educations because they can't play in the yard. but in my country, kids are sent to school for their education. i guess this makes sense but i don't think it has the same ideology as being an adult.
this is simply incorrect. you could have been showering before leaving the room. you could be putting on fresh clothes and getting into your car to go for a run. all in all, this is the same as today. you can't just put on fresh clothes, you have to put on your shaving kit and toiletries. even if you're not planning to go for a run, your body still works as planned.
the us is more than just anti fa, it's also anti democratic. as for the other ideas you have listed, i'm not sure what you mean by this. you mention some anti fascist radical thought but then you dismiss it entirely. but what about the anti political ideology advocating for freedom of assembly? it seems to have the opposite effect.
where's your evidence? it seems like you're already arguing for an abstinence of a society which already exists. in any event its irrelevant. we know that's how it always has been. if that changes then so be it. we just need to change that.
what do you mean by this? i don't even know where you got this idea from. how would republicans even come to the conclusion that the republican platform was correct? in fact, i don't even know which of the republican parties has actually supported the democrat party, and i definitely don't know which republican party has, either. do you think they're not collectively stupid, but just on average they have a very large degree of ideological power? i don't know that i can see a problem with either of those.
